From cairo@loc.gov Wed Aug  2 06:31:16 2000
From: "Library of Congress-Cairo office" <cairo@loc.gov>
Subject: List 2000 - 246 (Libya)
Date: Wed, 2 Aug 2000 13:36:21 +0300

List 2000 - 246

[Titles from Libya] 

1- LCN: 00293392
 Ujli, Muhammad al-Salih ibn Salim, al-Sadir al-fa'ih 
al-muntakhab / li-mu'allifihi Muhammad al-Salih ibn 
Salim al-Ujli ; dirasat wa-tahqiq Muhammad Bashir 
Suwaysi. al-Tab'ah 1. [Tripoli] al-Jamahiriyah 
al-'Arabiyah al-Libiyah al-Sha'biyah al-Ishtirakiyah 
al-'Uzma : Markaz Jihad al-Libiyin lil-Dirasat 
al-Tarikhiyah, 1998. $20.00 (U.S.) 383 p. ; 25 cm. ( 
Manshurat Markaz Jihad al-Libiyin lil-Dirasat 
al-Tarikhiyah. Silsilat al-Dirasat al-turathiyah ; 1 ) 
Muslim scholars; Libya; fatwas; Islamic law; early works 
to 1800. 
 
 
 @@ 
2- LCN: 00293391
 Tanashi, Khadijah Ahmad. al-'Alaqat al-siyasiyah bayna 
al-quwa al-Islamiyah wa-al-Masihiyah fi al-Habashah 
khilala al-nisf al-awwal min al-qarn al-sadis 'ashr 
al-Miladi / i'dad Khadijah Ahmad al-Tanashi. al-Tab'ah 
1. [Tripoli] al-Jamahiriyah al-'Arabiyah al-Libiyah 
al-Sha'biyah al-Ishtirakiyah al-'Uzma : Markaz Jihad 
al-Libiyin lil-Dirasat al-Tarikhiyah, 1996. $20.00 
(U.S.) 357 p. ; 25 cm. ( Manshurat Markaz Jihad 
al-Libiyin lil-Dirasat al-Tarikhiyah. Silsilat 
al-dirasat al-tarikhiyah ; 24 ) Islam; relations; 
Christianity; Ethiopia; 16th century; history. 
 
 
 @@ 
3- LCN: 00293390
 'Ali, 'Ali al-Busiri. al-Muqawamah al-Libiyah didda 
al-ihtilal al-Itali fi al-juz' al-gharbi min Libiya, 
Uktubir 1913-Aghustus 1914 / 'Ali al-Busiri 'Ali. 
al-Tab'ah 1. Tarabulus, al-Jamahiriyah al-'Arabiyah 
al-Libiyah al-Sha'biyah al-Ishtirakiyah al-'Uzma : 
Markaz Jihad al-Libiyin lil-Dirasat al-Tarikhiyah, 1998. 
$15.00 (U.S.) 237 p. ; 24 cm. ( Manshurat Markaz Jihad 
al-Libiyin lil-Dirasat al-Tarikhiyah. Silsilat 
al-dirasat al-tarikhiyah ; 24 [sic] ) Libya; armed 
resistance; Italian occupation; 1912-1913; history. 
 
 
 @@
