From root Wed Feb 25 08:33:21 1998
Subject: bf50 <fwd>

On Wed, 25 Feb 1998 07:13:20 -0500 (EST) Cairo <cairo@loc.gov
wrote:

	Cairo Book Fair -50

1-	LCN: 97963124
 Malini, Abu Sa'ad Ahmad ibn Muhammad ibn Ahmad. Kitab 
al-Arba'in fi shuyukh al-Sufiyah / li-Abi Sa'd Ahmad ibn 
Muhammad ibn Ahmad al-Malini ; taqdim wa-tahqiq 
wa-ta'liq 'Amir Hasan Sabri. al-Tab'ah 1. Bayrut : Dar 
al-Basha'ir al-Islamiyah, 1997. $6.50 (U.S.). 275 p. : 
ill. ; 24 cm. ( Silsilat al-Ajza' wa-al-kutub 
al-Hadithiyah ; 4 ) Includes bibliographical references 
(p. 265-272) and indexes. Sufis; biographies; early 
works to 1800; critical edition. 
 
 
 @@ 
2-	LCN: 97963294
 Tuwayni, Ghassan, Muhadarat fi al-siyasah 
wa-al-ma'rifah / Ghassan Tuwayni. [Beirut] : Dar 
al-Nahar, 1997. $18.00 (U.S.) 274 p. ; 24 cm. Political 
theory; Arab countries; lectures. 
 

	ISBN: 2842890183 
 @@ 
3-	LCN: 97964679
 Abu Ghuddah, 'Abd al-Fattah. Tarajim sittah min fuqaha' 
al-'Alam al-Islami fi al-qarn al-rabi' 'ashar 
wa-atharuhum al-fiqhiyah / bi-qalam 'Abd al-Fattah Abu 
Ghuddah. al-Tab'ah 1. [Halab] : Maktab al-Matbu'at 
al-Islamiyah bi-Halab, 1997. $11.75 (U.S.) 334 p. ; 25 
cm. Includes bibliographical references and indexes. On 
the lives & works of six Muslim jurists in the 14th 
century of the Hijrah, (1882-1979). 
 
 
 @@ 
4-	LCN: 97967676
 Hasan, Muhammad Ibrahim. Hawd al-Bahr al-Mutawassit : 
dirasah tahliliyah li-tanawwu' masadir al-miyah 
wa-irtibatiha bi-mazahir al-tanmiyah al-iqtisadiyah / 
ta'lif Muhammad Ibrahim Hasan ; muraja'at al-Hadi Bu 
Luqmah. al-Tab'ah 1. Banghazi : Jami'at Qaryunis, 1997. 
$11.80 (U.S.) 396 p. : ill., maps ; 24 cm. Includes 
bibliographical references (p. 381-382). Water 
resources; economic development; Mediterranean 
countries. 
 
 
 @@ 
5-	LCN: 98957000
 Qayyadi, Sharifah. Rihlat al-qalam al-nisa'i al-Libi / 
ta'lif Sharifah al-Qayyadi. Falitta : Manshurat ELGA, 
1997. $5.15 (U.S.) 431 p. ; 22 cm. Includes 
bibliographical references (p. 397-425). On women 
literary and press movement; Libya, 1940s-1970s. 
 
 
 @@ 
6-	LCN: 98963105
 Mallahi, Muhammad ibn 'Abd al-Wahid, Kitab Lamahat 
al-anwar wa-nafahat al-azhar wa-rayy al-zam'an 
li-ma'rifat ma warada min al-athar fi thawab qari' 
al-Qur'an / ta'lif Muhammad ibn 'Abd al-Wahid ibn 
Ibrahim al-Ghafiqi ; dirasat wa-tahqiq Rif'at Fawzi 'Abd 
al-Muttalib. al-Tab'ah 1. Bayrut : Dar al-Basha'ir 
al-Islamiyah, 1997. $38.00 (U.S.) 3 v. : ill. ; 25 cm. 
Includes bibliographical references (v. 3, p. 1537-1549) 
and indexes. Koran; teaching and learning; a classic 
work edited by a modern scholar. 
 
 
 @@ 
7-	LCN: 98963106
 Saruji, Ahmad ibn Ibrahim, Kitab Adab al-qada' / ta'lif 
Abi al-'Abbas Shams al-Din Ahamd ibn Ibrahim ibn 'Abd 
al-Ghani al-Saruji ; tahqiq wa-dirasat Shaykh Shams 
al-'Arifin Siddiqi ibn Muhammad Yasin. al-Tab'ah 1. 
Bayrut : Dar al-Basha'ir al-Islamiyah, 1997. $15.00 
(U.S.) 735 p. : ill. ; 25 cm. Includes bibliographical 
references (p. 630-673) and indexes. Judges (Islamic 
law); a classic work, edited by a modern writer; 
master's thesis. 
 
 
 @@ 
8-	LCN: 98963107
 Maqdisi, Muhammad ibn 'Abd al-Wahid, Min hadith Abi 
'Abd al-Rahman 'Abd Allah ibn Tazid al-Muqri' mimma 
wafaqa riwayat al-Imam Ahmad ibn Hanbal fi al-Musnad / 
ta'lif Diya' al-Din Abi 'Abd Allah Muhammad ibn 'Abd 
al-Wahid al-Maqdisi al-Hanbali. Wa-yalihi Kitab 
al-Arba'in 'an al-mashayikh al-arba'in wa-al-arba'in 
sahabiyan wa-sahabiyah / Abi al-Hasan al-Mu'ayyad ibn 
Muhammad al-Tusi al-Naysaburi ;[kilahuma] taqdim 
wa-tahqiq wa-takhrij 'Amir Hasan Sabri. al-Tab'ah 1. 
Bayrut : Dar al-Basha'ir al-Islamiyah, 1998. $11.00 
(U.S.) 120, 199 p. : ill. ; 25 cm. ( Silsilat al-Ajza' 
wa-al-kutub al-Hadithiyah ; 6-7 ) Cover title. Includes 
bibliographical references and indexes. A classic work 
on Hadith; authorities; the fourty companions; edited 
and introduced by a modern scholar. 
 
 
 @@ 
9-	LCN: 98963108
 'Abd al-Fattah, Nabil. al-Nass wa-al-rasas : al-Islam 
al-siyasi wa-al-Aqbat wa-azamat al-dawlah al-hadithah fi 
Misr / Nabil 'Abd al-Fattah. al-Tab'ah 1. Bayrut : Dar 
al-Nahar, 1997. $17.50 (U.S.) 387 p. ; 24 cm. Includes 
bibliographical references (p. 377-383). Political 
Islam; religion and politics in the Arab world; Egyptian 
Qubts; a critical study. 
 

	ISBN: 2842890337 
 @@ 
10-	LCN: 98963109
 Al 'Abd al-Karim, 'Abd al-Salam ibn Barjas ibn Nasir. 
al-Abyat al-adabiyah al-hasirah / ta'lif 'Abd al-Salam 
ibn Barjas ibn Nasir Al 'Abd al-Karim. al-Tab'ah 1. 
Bayrut : Dar al-Basha'ir al-Islamiyah, 1997. $8.00 
(U.S.) 277 p. ; 25 cm. Includes bibliographical 
references (p. 255-266). Arabic poetry; the grouping of 
verses leading to rhetoric meaning. 
 
 
 @@ 
11-	LCN: 98963110
 Butrus, Fu'ad. Kitabat fi al-siyasah / Fu'ad Butrus. 
al-Tab'ah 1. Bayrut : Dar al-Nahar lil-Nashr, 1997. 
$18.50 (U.S.) 291 p. ; 24 cm. On global and Middle East 
politics; special references to Lebanon. 
 

	ISBN: 2842890418 
 @@ 
12-	LCN: 98963111
 Isma'il, Sha'ban Muhammad. al-Ijtihad al-jama'i wa-dawr 
al-majami' al-fiqhiyah fi tatbiqih / ta'lif Sha'ban 
Muhammad Isma'il. al-Tab'ah 1. Bayrut : Halab : Dar 
al-Basha'ir al-Islamiyah ; Dar al-Sabuni, 1998. $7.00 
(U.S.) 231 p. ; 24 cm. Includes bibliographical 
references (p. 221-226). On the different aspects of 
theological decisions (ijtihad) under Islamic law; 
applications. 
 
 
 @@ 
13-	LCN: 98964544
 Ibn 'Abd al-Barr, Yusuf Ibn 'Abd Allah, al-Intiqa' fi 
fada'il al-a'immah al-thalathah al-fuqaha' : Malik Ibn 
Anas al-Asbahi al-Madani wa-Muhammad ibn Idris 
al-Shafi'i al-Muttalibi wa-Abi Hanifah al-Nu'man ibn 
Thabit al-Kufi wa-'uyun akhbarihim al-shahidah 
bi-imamatihim wa-fadlihim fi adabihim wa-'ilmihim / 
li-Abi 'Umar Yusuf ibn 'Abd al-Barr al-Andalusi ; i'tana 
bi-hi 'Abd al-Fattah Abu Ghuddah. al-Tab'ah 1. [Halab] : 
Maktab al-Matbu'at al-Islamiyah bi-Halab, 1997. $11.50 
(U.S.) 437 p. ; 25 cm. Includes bibliographical 
references (p. 400-408) and indexes. On three eminent 
Islamic Imams: Malik ibn Anas, al-Shafi'i and Abu 
Hanifah; biographies; early works to 1800. 
 
 
 @@ 
14-	LCN: 98964549
 Shaybani, Muhammad ibn al-Hasan, Kitab al-Kasb / 
li-Muhammad ibn al-Hasan al-Shaybani ; [sharahahu] 
al-Sarkhasi Muhammad ibn Ahmad Sahib al-Mabsut . 
Wa-yalihi Risalat al-Halal wa-al-haram wa-ba'd 
qawa'idihima fi al-mu'amalat al-maliyah / Ahmad ibn 
Taymiyah al-Harrani al-Diamshqi ; i'tana bi-hima 'Abd 
al-Fattah Abu Ghuddah. al-Tab'ah 1. [Halab] : Maktab 
al-Matbu'at al-Islamiyah bi-Halab, 1997. $10.00 (U.S.) 
307, 38 p. ; 25 cm. (Min kutub al-iqtisad al-Islami ) 
Includes bibliographical references and indexes. A 
classic work on earning and legitimacy in Islam, edited 
by a modern scholar. 
 
 
 @@ 
15-	LCN: 98967683
 Nabbus, Ahmad. Azmat al-nizam al-iqlimi al-'Arabi : 
dirasah tahliliyah siyasiyah / Ahmad Nabbus. al-Tab'ah 
1. Banghazi : Jami'at Qaryunis, 1997. $12.00 (U.S.) 204 
p. : ill. ; 24 cm. Includes bibliographical references. 
The crisis of Arab regional system, politics and 
government; analytical study. 
 
 
 @@



