From daemon Mon Apr 14 07:29:04 1997
Received: from rs8.loc.gov (rs8.loc.gov [140.147.248.8]) by poe.acc.Virginia.EDU (8.7.6/8.6.6) with ESMTP id HAA93661 for <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>; Mon, 14 Apr 1997 07:28:58 -0400
Received: from localhost (cairo@localhost)
          by rs8.loc.gov (8.8.4/8.8.4) with SMTP
	  id HAA75334; Mon, 14 Apr 1997 07:28:13 -0400
Date: Mon, 14 Apr 1997 07:28:13 -0400 (EDT)
From: Cairo <cairo@loc.gov>
To: LC-Participants acquisition Circular list -- British Library <colin.baker@mail.bl.uk>,
        Abd al-Ahad <ap201221@brownvm.brown.edu>,
        indiana univ lib lib11 <shendren@indiana.edu>,
        univ of virginia lib11b <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>,
        univ of chicago lib13 <mideast-library@uchicago.edu>,
        georgetown univ lib14 <bickettb@gunet.georgetown.edu>,
        univ of washington lib16 <marys@u.washington.edu>,
        new york public lib20 <toddthom@nyplgate.nypl.org>,
        new york univ lib21 <gastonm@elmer1.bobst.nyu.edu>,
        yale lib22 <simon.samoeil@yale.edu>,
        univ of arizona lib23 <midhata@bird.library.arizona.edu>,
        univ of illinois lib24 <naggarwa@uiuc.edu>,
        "portland state univ. lib25" <kern@lib.pdx.edu>,
        temple univ library lib26 <lzein@astro.ocis.temple.edu>,
        "harvard univ. lib3" <mhopper@fas.harvard.edu>,
        "harvard univ. lib3" <mhopper@fas.harvard.edu>,
        "cornell univ. lib35" <ah16@cornell.edu>,
        "McGill Univ. Library lib48" <gacek@lib1.lan.mcgill.ca>,
        columbia lib5 <unlandhe@columbia.edu>,
        washington univ lib50 <Suad-M-Gamal@library.wustl.edu>,
        pennsylvania lib7 <rld@pobox.upenn.edu>,
        New York Public Library <gyoussef@nypl.org>
Subject: clm97-81
Message-ID: <Pine.A32.3.93.970414072743.22298B-100000@rs8.loc.gov>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
Status: ORf

                            List97-81
                     [Titles from West Bank]
 
1-                    LCN: 97957785
 Harb, Ahmad Musa. Baqaya : riwayah
/ Ahmad Harb. al-Tabah 1. [Birzeit]
: Birzeit University Press, 1996.
$6.00 (U.S.). 187 p. ; 21 cm. Novel.

 
 
 @@ 
2-                    LCN: 97957792
 Darwish, Anisah. Min milaff rasaili
/ Anisah Darwish. al-Tabah 2.
al-Quds : Ittihad al-Kuttab
al-Filastiniyin, 1997. $5.00 (U.S.).
59 p. ; 20 cm. Prose texts in the
form of letters, by a woman author. 
 
 
 @@ 
3-                    LCN: 97957793
 Darwish, Anisah. Nawmah ala khadd
al-shar : shir muhakka / Anisah
Darwish. Ram Allah : Dar al-Katib,
1996. $5.00 (U.S.). 125, 29 p. ; 20
cm. Poetry by a woman author in the
Palestine dialect. 
 
 @@ 
4-                    LCN: 97957794
 Darwish, Anisah. Man minkum habibi
/ Anisah Darwish. al-Tabah 1. Ram
Allah : Dar al-Katib, 1996. $5.00
(U.S.). 217 p. ; 20 cm. Poetry by a
woman author. 
 
       Titles from Lebanon 
 
5-                    LCN: 96960559
 Sayyid, Ayman Fuad. Dar al-Kutub
al-Misriyah : tarikhuha
wa-tatawwuruha / Ayman Fuad Sayyid.
al-Tabah 1. Bayrut : Awraq
Sharqiyah, 1996. $11.00 (U.S.). 366
p. : ill. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references (p.
364-366). La bibliotheque nationale
egyptienne : son hisroire et son
evolution. 

 
 @@ 
6-                    LCN: 97963217
 Jarkas, Riyad, Gharamiyat ahl
al-fann / Riyad Jarkas. Bayrut :
al-Intishar al-Arabi, 1996. $8.50
(U.S.). 217 p. : ill. ; 23 cm.
Egyptian actors talk about life &
love. 
 
 
 @@ 
7-                    LCN: 97963219
 Yunus, Ahmad Abd al-Halim.
al-Maalim al-athariyah
wa-al-tarikhiyah fi Iqlim al-Kharrub
/ Ahmad Abd al-Halim Yunus. Bayrut :
Muassasat Izz al-Din lil-Tibaah
wa-al-Nashr, 1995. $9.00 (U.S.). 279
p. : ill. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references (p.
273-276). On the archaeological &
historical sites of a southern
coastal region of Lebanon. 
 
 
 @@ 
8-                    LCN: 97963223
 Nuwayhid, Walid. Salah al-Din
al-Ayyubi : suqut al-Quds
wa-tahririha : qiraah muasirah /
idad Walid Nuwayhid. al-Tabah 1.
Bayrut : Dar Ibn Hazm, 1997. $3.50
(U.S.). 125 p. ; 22 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. New
interpretation of the fall and
reconquest of Jerusalem from the
Crusaders. 
 
 
 @@ 
9-                    LCN: 97963227
 Shararah, Bilal. Qana
wa-akhawatuha, 1936-1996 / Idad
Bilal Shararah. al-Tabah 1.
[Lebanon] : Dar Alam al-Fikr, 1996.
$12.00 (U.S.). 351 p. ; 24 cm.
Includes bibliographical references
(p. 349-351). On the background of
Israeli atrocities which led up to
the Qana massacre. 
 
 
 @@ 
10-                   LCN: 97963230
 Ashshi, Ishaq Shakir. al-Imam
Muhammad al-Baqir wa-muasiruh /
Ishaq al-Ashshi. al-Tabah 1. Bayrut
: Dar Alam al-Fikr, 1996. $5.50
(U.S.). 101 p. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references.
Introduction to the life &
contemporaries of the 5th Shiite
Imam. 
 
 
 @@ 
11-                   LCN: 97963233
 Ibn Tulun, Shams al-Din Muhammad
ibn Ali, Risalah fi tafsir qawluhu
taala : Inna Ibrahim kana ummah /
talif Shams al-Din Muhammad ibn Ali
ibn Tulun al-Salihi ; tahqiq
Muhammad Khayr Ramadan Yusuf.
al-Tabah 1. Bayrut : Dar Ibn Hazm,
1997. $3.50 (U.S.). 96 p. : ill. ;
24 cm. Includes bibliographical
references (p. 91-94). Edition of a
short classic treatise on the
meaning of a Koranic verse on the
special qualities of the Prophet
Abraham. 
 
 @@ 
12-                   LCN: 97963239
 Qari al-Harawi, Ali ibn Sultan
Muhammad, Sharh al-Fiqh al-akbar
li-Abi Hanifah al-Numan / talif Ali
ibn Sultan Muhammad al-Qari ; tahqiq
Marwan Muhammad al-Shaar. al-Tabah
1. Bayrut : Dar al-Nafais, 1997.
$6.00 (U.S.). 271 p. : ill. ; 25 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
New edition of a classic commentary
on a primary tract in Hanafi
doctrine, based on earlier printed
eds. & a ms. from the Zahiriyah
Library. 
 
 
 @@ 
13-                   LCN: 97963241
 Salam, Ahmed. al-Bayyinat
al-salafiyah ala anna aqwal
al-sahabah hujjah shariyah fi ilam
al-Imam Ibn Qayyim al-Jawziyah maa
taliqat wa-idafat / bi-qalam Ahmad
Salam. al-Tabah 1. Bayrut : Talburgh
[Netherland] : Dar Ibn Hazm ;
al-Muassasah al-Islamiayh
lil-Thaqafah wa-al-Riayah, 1997.
$3.50 (U.S.). 100 p. ; 24 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
Excerpt from a classic Salafi
treatise on preferring the sayings
of the Prophet Muhammad's companions
over those of later Muslims in the
formulation of the Sharia. 
 
 
 @@ 
14-                   LCN: 97963242
 Harakah, Fuad. al-Wasit fi
al-sihafah al-Arabiyah / Fuad
Zakariya al-Harakah. Bayrut :
Adukart, Dar Markaz al-Istisharat
wa-al-Buhuth al-Tarbawiyah : Dar
al-Taziz al-Thaqafi lil-Sharq
al-Awsat wa-al-Alam al-Arabi,
[1996?] $11.00 (U.S.). 260 p. ; 24
cm. Includes bibliographical
references. Introduction to Arab
press history & institutions. 
 
 
 @@ 
15-                   LCN: 97963245
 Qaradawi, Yusuf. Mawqif al-Islam
min al-ilham-- wa-al-kashf--
wa-al-rua wa-min al-tamaim--
wa-al-kahanah-- wa-al-raqy / Yusuf
al-Qaradawi. al-Tabah 1. Bayrut :
Muassasat al-Risalah, 1996. $5.00
(U.S.). 206 p. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. Modern
treatise on the Islamic teaching on
mystical experiences & on the use of
incantations & amulest. 
 
 
 @@ 
16-                   LCN: 97963252
 Saadah, Antun, al-Amal al-adabiyah
/ Antun Saadah. Bayrut : al-Rukn
lil-Tibaah wa-al-Nashr, <1996-    >
$5.50 (U.S.). v. <1-   > ; 22 cm.
Two short stories & a critical essay
by an early 20th century Syrian
emigre to South America. 
 
 
 @@ 
17-                   LCN: 97963255
 Ansari, Rauf Muhammad Ali. Imarat
al-masajid : dirasah fi tarikh
imarat al-masajid khilala al-uhud
al-Islamiyah / Rauf al-Ansari.
al-Tabah 1. Bayrut : Dar al-Nubugh
lil-Tibaah wa-al-Nashr wa-al-Tawzi,
1996. $9.00 (U.S.). 185, 6 p. : ill.
; 29 cm. Mosques architecture : a
historical study of mosques
architecture throughout the Islamic
eras. 
 
 
 @@ 
18-                   LCN: 97963260
 Shafii, Muhammad ibn Idris, Mawsuat
al-Imam al-Shafii al-Kitab al-Umm :
silsilat musannafat al-Imam
al-Matlabi Muhammad ibn Idris
al-Shafii / waththaqa usulahu
wa-nassaqa kutubahu wa-dabata
nususahu wa-raqqamaha wa-kharraja
ahadithahu wa-sanaa faharisahu Ahmad
Badr al-Din Hassun. al-Tabah 1.
Bayrut : Dar Qutaybah, 1996. $150.00
(U.S.). 10 vols. : ill. ; 25 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
New edition of al-Shafii's major
compendium of Islamic law, together
with nine of his lesser legal works.

 
        Titles from Syria 
 @@ 
19-                   LCN: 97964616
 Barut, Muhammad Jamal. Atyaf
al-hadathah ma bayna almaniyat
al-nukhbah wa-Islamiyat al-ummah /
Muhammad Jamal Barut. al-Tabah 1.
Halab : Dar al-Sadaqah, 1996. $7.00
(U.S.). 196 p. ; 20 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. Studies
on the nationalist, Islamic &
elitist secular trends within Arab
modernism. 


 @@ 
20-                   LCN: 97963204
 Bayyumi, Muhammad Rajab. Mustafa
Sadiq al-Rafii : faris al-qalam
tahta rayat al-Quran / Muhammad
Rajab al-Bayyumi. al-Tabah 1.
Dimashq : Dar al-Qalam, 1997. $6.00
(U.S.). 296 p. ; 19 cm. Includes
bibliographical references.
Appreciation of the life & work of a
late 19th-early 20th century
Egyptian litterateur & poet. 
 
        Title from Kuwait 
 @@ 
21-                   LCN: 97966748
 Tadmir abar naft al-Kuwayt : haqaiq
min al-wathaiq al-Iraqiayh / idad
Markaz al-Buhuth wa-al-Dirasat
al-Kuwaytiyah. al-Kuwayt :
al-Markaz, 1996. $2.50 (U.S.). 32 p.
: ill. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. Selected
Iraqi military documents on the
destruction of Kuwaiti Oil
installations in 1991. 
 
 
 @@ 


