From daemon Tue Apr 15 11:55:46 1997
Received: from rs8.loc.gov (rs8.loc.gov [140.147.248.8]) by poe.acc.Virginia.EDU (8.7.6/8.6.6) with ESMTP id LAA22439 for <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>; Tue, 15 Apr 1997 11:53:45 -0400
Received: from localhost (cairo@localhost)
          by rs8.loc.gov (8.8.4/8.8.4) with SMTP
	  id LAA79658; Tue, 15 Apr 1997 11:47:23 -0400
Date: Tue, 15 Apr 1997 11:47:22 -0400 (EDT)
From: Cairo <cairo@loc.gov>
To: LC-Participants acquisition Circular list -- British Library <colin.baker@mail.bl.uk>,
        Abd al-Ahad <ap201221@brownvm.brown.edu>,
        indiana univ lib lib11 <shendren@indiana.edu>,
        univ of virginia lib11b <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>,
        univ of chicago lib13 <mideast-library@uchicago.edu>,
        georgetown univ lib14 <bickettb@gunet.georgetown.edu>,
        univ of washington lib16 <marys@u.washington.edu>,
        new york public lib20 <toddthom@nyplgate.nypl.org>,
        new york univ lib21 <gastonm@elmer1.bobst.nyu.edu>,
        yale lib22 <simon.samoeil@yale.edu>,
        univ of arizona lib23 <midhata@bird.library.arizona.edu>,
        univ of illinois lib24 <naggarwa@uiuc.edu>,
        "portland state univ. lib25" <kern@lib.pdx.edu>,
        temple univ library lib26 <lzein@astro.ocis.temple.edu>,
        "harvard univ. lib3" <mhopper@fas.harvard.edu>,
        "harvard univ. lib3" <mhopper@fas.harvard.edu>,
        "cornell univ. lib35" <ah16@cornell.edu>,
        "McGill Univ. Library lib48" <gacek@lib1.lan.mcgill.ca>,
        columbia lib5 <unlandhe@columbia.edu>,
        washington univ lib50 <Suad-M-Gamal@library.wustl.edu>,
        pennsylvania lib7 <rld@pobox.upenn.edu>,
        New York Public Library <gyoussef@nypl.org>
Subject: clm97-82
Message-ID: <Pine.A32.3.93.970415114502.105274B-100000@rs8.loc.gov>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
Status: ORf

                            List 97-82
                        Titles from Egypt
 
1-                    LCN: 97960452
 Halbawi, Ibrahim, Mudhakkirat
Ibrahim al-Hilbawi : tarikh hayat
Ibrahim al-Hilbawi bik, 1858-1940 /
tahqiq Isam Diya al-Din ; taqdim Abd
al-Azim Ramadan. al-Qahirah :
al-Hayah al-Misriyah al-Ammah
lil-Kitab, 1995. $3.00 (U.S.). 459
p. ; 24 cm. Memoirs of an Egyptian
lawyer and politician prominent in
the constitutional movement of the
1920s. 
 

                  ISBN: 9770145297 
 @@ 
2-                    LCN: 97960454
 Jamiat Asyut . Markaz Dirasat
al-Mustaqbal. al-Tarikh al-askari
wa-al-dur al-harbi li-Janub Misr
abra al-usur, 17-18 April 1996 :
al-nadwah al-ilmiyah al-ula : kitab
al-nadwah. Asyut : al-Markaz, [1996]
$3.00 (U.S.). 242 p. : ill., maps ;
24 cm. Conference papers on the
military history of Upper Egypt. 
 
 
 @@ 
3-                    LCN: 97960456
 Ghalis, Ashwaq Ahmad Mahdi.
al-Tajdid fi fikr al-imamah inda
al-Zaydiyah fi al-Yaman / talif
Ashwaq Ahmad Mahdi Ghalis.
al-Qahirah : Maktabat Madbuli, 1997.
$4.50 (U.S.). 216 p. ; 24 cm.
Development of the Imamate doctrine
in Zaydi Shiism. 
 
 
 @@ 
4-                    LCN: 97960457
 Jaku, Muhammad Sharif. al-Alaqat
al-siyasiyah wa-al-ijtimaiyah bayna
Jumhuriyat Tishad wa-Jumhuriyat
al-Sudan fi al-fatrah ma bayna
1960-1990 / talif Muhammad Sharif
Jaku. Tabah 1. al-Qahirah : Maktabat
Madbuli, 1997. $4.50 (U.S.). 299 p.
; 24 cm. On political and economic
relations between Sudan and Chad. 
 
 
 @@ 
5-                    LCN: 97960460
 Dub, Rabih. al-Balaghah inda
al-mufassirin hatta nihayat al-qarn
al-rabi al-Hijri / talif Rabih Dub.
Tabah 1. al-Qahirah : Dar al-Fajr
lil-Nashr wa-al-Tawzi, 1997. $9.00
(U.S.). 568 p. ; 24 cm. Study of
Koran commentators views on
rhetoric, to the end of the 10th
century. 
 
 
 @@ 
6-                    LCN: 97960463
 Badran, Nadiyah. Najib Mahfuz
wa-siyagh riwaiyah jadidah / Nadiyah
Badran. al-Qahirah : Maktabat
al-Anjilu al-Misriyah, 1996. $3.50
(U.S.). 242 p. ; 24 cm. On the
development of Nagib Mahfouz's
style in his more recent novels. 
 

                  ISBN: 9770514888 
 @@ 
7-                    LCN: 97960464
 Jamal, Shawqi Ata Allah. Tarikh
al-Muslimin fi Ifriqya
wa-mushkilatuhum / talif Shawqi Ata
Allah al-Jamal, Abd Allah Abd
al-Raziq Ibrahim. al-Qahirah : Dar
al-Thaqafah lil-Nashr wa-al-Tawzi,
1996. $3.00 (U.S.). 152 p. : maps ;
24 cm. Short, prize-winning history
of Africa's Muslims and the problems
they face. 
 
 
 @@ 
8-                    LCN: 97960465
 Bishri, Tariq. al-Wad al-qanuni
al-muasir bayna al-shariah
al-Islamiyah wa-al-qanun al-wadi /
Tariq al-Bishri. Tabah 1. al-Qahirah
: Dar al-Shuruq, 1996. $2.00 (U.S.).
135 p. ; 24 cm. On the crucial issue
of whether to replace secular law
with the Shariah; by a senior
Egyptian jurist. 
 

                  ISBN: 9770903566 
 @@ 
9-                    LCN: 97963084
 Hariri, Durrat al-ghawwas
wa-sharhuha wa-hawashiha
wa-takmilatuha / tahqiq wa-taliq Abd
al-Hafiz Farghali Ali al-Qurani.
Tabah 1. Bayrut : al-Qahirah : Dar
al-Jil ; Maktabat al-Turath
al-Islami, 1996. $11.00 (U.S.). 967
p. ; 25 cm. Critical edition of a
commentary and glossaries on a
classic linguistic treatise. 
 
 
                        Title from Libya
 
10-                   LCN: 97966350
 Danna, Muhammad Khalifah. Masalik
al-nuhah fi wujuh al-riwayat : ard
wa-dirasah li-shuruh abyat al-kitab
/ talif Muhammad Khalifah al-Danna.
Tabah 1. Banyghazi : Jamiat
Qaryunis, 1996. $23.50 (U.S.). 437
p. ; 25 cm. Critical analysis of the
quotations found in Kitab Sibawayh,
compared with their use in other
classic treatise on grammar. 
 
 
                        Title from Kuwait
 
11-                   LCN: 97966703
 Atiqi, Muhammad Kul Ubayd Allah.
al-Mustalahat al-waqfiyah / talif
Muhammad Kul Ubayd Allah Atiqi, Izz
al-Din Tuni, Khalid Shuayb. Tabah 1.
al-Kuwayt : al-Sunduq al-Waqfi
lil-Thaqafah wa-al-Fikr, 1996. $8.50
(U.S.). 262 p. ; 24 cm. Dictionary
of waqf terminology. 
 
 
                        Titles from Oman
 
12-                   LCN: 97967101
 Husayni, Rashid ibn Hamad ibn
Hashil. al-Lawwah al-Kharusi Salim
ibn Ghassan : hayatuhu wa-shiruh,
895-981H. : dirasah mawduiyah
wa-fanniyah / talif Rashid ibn Hamad
ibn Hashil al-Husayni. Tabah 1.
[s.l.] : R.H.H. al-Husayni, 1996.
$11.75 (U.S.). 262 p. ; 24 cm.
History and criticism of a 15th
century Omani poet. 
 
 
 @@ 
13-                   LCN: 97967102
 Dar al-Makhtutat wa-al-Wathaiq
(Oman). Fihris al-makhtutat /
Wizarat al-Turath al-Qawmi
wa-al-Thaqafah. Tabah 1. [Oman] :
al-Wizarah, 1995. $11.75 (U.S.). 305
p. ; 24 cm. Catalogue of manuscripts
on Arabic language. 
 
 
                       Title from Morocco
 
14-                   LCN: 97968079
 Ibn Yusuf, Yusuf ibn al-Hajj Faraj.
al-Mawarith al-shariyah
wa-al-wasiyah wa-majallat al-ahwal
al-shakhsiyah / talif Yusuf ibn
al-Hajj Faraj ibn Yusuf. Tabah 1.
Susah : Dar al-Mizan lil-Nashr,
1996. $38.00 (U.S.). 532 p. ; 25 cm.
On the Islamic law of inheritance
with reference to its application in
Tunisia. 
 

                  ISBN: 9973782038 
 @@ 


