From cairo@loc.gov Mon Feb  7 07:12:46 2000
From: "Library of Congress, Cairo" <cairo@loc.gov>
Subject: Cairo Book Fair 2000 - 23
Date: Mon, 7 Feb 2000 14:14:10 +0200

	Cairo Book Fair 2000 - 23

1-	LCN: 00285648
 Handiri, Sa'id 'Abd al-Rahman. Tatawwur al-hayah 
al-siyasiyah fi Tishad : mundhu al-ihtilal al-Faransi 
hatta nihayat hukm Timbilbay, 1900 M-1975 M / ta'lif 
Sa'id 'Abd al-Rahman Ahmad al-Handiri. al-Tab'ah 1. 
[Tripoli] al-Jamahiriyah al-'Arabiyah al-Libiyah 
al-Sha'biyah al-Ishtirakiyah al-'Uzma : Markaz Jihad 
al-Libiyin lil-Dirasat al-Tarikhiyah, 1998. $3.25 (U.S.) 
180 p. ; 24 cm. ( Manshurat Markaz Jihad al-Libiyin 
lil-Dirasat al-Tarikhiyah. Silsilat al-dirasat 
al-tarikhiyah ; 29 ) Chad; political history; 1900-1975. 
 
 
 @@ 
2-	LCN: 00285649
 Ghanim, 'Imad al-Din. al-Dawakhil al-Libiyah fi 
majmu'at dirasat lil-Rahhalah al-Almani Ghutlub Adulf 
Krawzah / 'Imad al-Din Ghanim. Tarabulus, al-Jamahiriyah 
al-'Arabiyah al-Libiyah al-Sha'biyah al-Ishtirakiyah 
al-'Uzma : Markaz Jihad al-Libiyin lil-Dirasat 
al-Tarikhiyah, 1998. $3.25 (U.S.) 266 p. ; 24 cm. ( 
Manshurat Markaz Jihad al-Libiyin lil-Dirasat 
al-Tarikhiyah. Silsilat Nusus wa-watha'i ; 28 ) Libya; 
history; in the writings of Krause, Gottlob Adolfm 
1850-1939. 
 
 
 @@ 
3-	LCN: 00285650
 Ibrahim, 'Abd Allah. al-Talaqqi wa-siyaqat 
al-thaqafiyah : bahth fi ta'wil al-zahirah al-adabiyah / 
'Abd Allah Ibrahim. al-Tab'ah 1. Bayrut : Dar al-Kitab 
al-Jadid al-Muttahidah, 2000. $4.50 (U.S.) 191 p. ; 24 
cm. Reader-response criticism; textual criticism; Arabic 
literature; history and criticism. 
 
 
 @@ 
4-	LCN: 00285654
 Ibrahim, 'Abd Allah. Tahlil al-nusus al-adabiyah : 
qira'at naqdiyah fi al-sard wa-al-shi'r / ta'lif 'Abd 
Allah Ibrahim, Salih Huwaydi. al-Tab'ah 1. Bayrut : Dar 
al-Kitab al-Jadid, 1998. $6.00 (U.S.) 271 p. ; 24 cm. 
Arabic literature; 20th century; selections; history and 
criticism. 
 
 
 @@ 
5-	LCN: 00285651
 Sharaf al-Din, In'am Muhammad. Madkhal ila tarikh 
Tarabulus al-ijtima'i wa-al-iqtisadi : dirasah fi 
mu'assasat al-madinah al-tijariyah, 1711-1835 / In'am 
Muhammad Sharaf al-Din. al-Tab'ah 1. Tarabulus, 
al-Jamahiriyah al-'Uzma : Markaz Jihad al-Libiyin 
lil-Dirasat al-Tarikhiyah, 1998. $5.00 (U.S.) 414 p. ; 
25 cm. ( Manshurat Markaz Jihad al-Libiyin lil-Dirasat 
al-Tarikhiyah. Silsilat al-dirasat al-tarikhiyah ; 27 ) 
Tripoli (Libya); economics; sociology; history; 
1711-1835. 
 
 
 @@ 
6-	LCN: 00285652
 Takaytak, Jamilah Imhammnad. Mamlakat Singhay 
al-Islamiyah fi 'ahd al-Askiya Muhammad al-Kabir, 
1493-1528 M / ta'lif Jamilah Imhammad al-Takaytak. 
al-Tab'ah 1. [Tripoli] al-Jamahiriyah al-'Arabiyah 
al-Libiyah al-Sha'biyah al-Ishtirakiyah al-'Uzma : 
Markaz Jihad al-Libiyin lil-Dirasat al-Tarikhiyah, 1998. 
$5.00 (U.S.) 255 p. ; 25 cm. ( Manshurat Markaz Jihad 
al-Libiyin lil-Dirasat al-Tarikhiyah. Silsilat 
al-dirasat al-tarikhiyah ; 26 ) Songhai Empire; Islamic 
in West Africa; history; 1493-1528. 
 
 
 @@ 
7-	LCN: 00285653
 Baghni, 'Amr Sa'id. Abhath fi tarikh Libiya al-hadith 
wa-al-mu'asir / ta'lif 'Amr Sa'id Baghni. Tarabulus, 
al-Jamahiriyah al-'Arabiyah al-Libiyah al-Sha'biyah 
al-Ishtirakiyah al-'Uzma : Markaz Jihad al-Libiyin 
lil-Dirasat al-Tarikhiyah, 1996. $3.25 (U.S.) 254 p. : 
facsims. ; 24 cm. ( Manshurat Markaz Jihad al-Libiyin 
lil-Dirasat al- Tarikhiyah. Silsilat al-dirasat 
al-tarikhiyah ; 17 ) Includes bibliographical 
references. Libya; history; modern; studies. 
 
 
 @@ 
8-	LCN: 00285655
 Abyad, Rajab Nusayr. Madinat Marzaq wa-tijarat 
al-qawafil al-sahrawiyah khilala al-qarn al-tasi' 'ashar 
: dirasah fi al-tarikh al-siyasi wa-al-iqtisadi / Rajab 
Nusayr al-Abyad. al-Tab'ah 1. [Tripoli] al-Jamahiriyah 
al-'Arabiyah al-Libiyah al-Sha'biyah al-Ishtirakiyah 
al-'Uzma : Markaz Jihad al-Libiyin lil-Dirasat 
al-Tarikhiyah, 1998. $5.00 (U.S.) 367 p. ; 25 cm. ( 
Manshurat Markaz Jihad al-Libiyin lil-Dirasat 
al-Tarikhiyah. Silsilat al-dirasat al-tarikhiyah ; 25 ) 
Marzaq (Libya); political and economic history; 19th 
century. 
 
 
 @@ 
9-	LCN: 00285656
 al-Ustadh Muhammad Mas'ud Fushaykah, 1904-1990 : 
kalimat fi ta'binihi wa-bayan atharih / taqdim 
wa-tawthiq Muhammad Mas'ud Jubran. al-Tab'ah 1. 
[Tripoli] al-Jamahiriyah al-'Arabiyah al-Libiyah 
al-Sha'biyah al-Ishtirakiyah al-'Uzma : Markaz Jihad 
al-Libiyin lil-Dirasat al-Tarikhiyah, 1998. $5.00 (U.S.) 
194 p. ; 25 cm. ( Manshurat Markaz Jihad al-Libiyin 
lil-Dirasat al-Tarikhiyah. Silsilat al-Wafa' ; 3 ) 
Marzaq (Libya); political and economic history; 19th 
century. Jubran, Muhammad Mas'ud. 
 
 
 @@ 
10-	LCN: 00285657
 Ramadan, Bashir Muhammad. al-Qiyadah wa-al-imdad fi 
harakat al-jihad al-Libi / li-mu'allifihi Bashir 
Muhammad Ramadan. al-Tab'ah 1. [Tripoli] al-Jamahiriyah 
al-'Arabiyah al-Libiyah al-Sha'biyah al-Ishtirakiyah 
al-'Uzma : Markaz Jihad al-Libiyin lil-Dirasat 
al-Tarikhiyah, 1999. $5.00 (U.S.) 568 p. ; 25 cm. ( 
Manshurat Markaz Jihad al-Libiyin lil-Dirasat 
al-Tarikhiyah. Silsilat al-Dirasat al-Istiratijiyah ; 1 
) Libya; military history; 1551-1912; Italians; history; 
Libya. 
 
 
 @@
