From daemon Sun Feb  2 08:35:56 1997
Received: from rs8.loc.gov (rs8.loc.gov [140.147.248.8]) by poe.acc.Virginia.EDU (8.7.6/8.6.6) with ESMTP id IAA67181 for <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>; Sun, 2 Feb 1997 08:35:55 -0500
Received: from localhost (cairo@localhost)
          by rs8.loc.gov (8.8.4/8.8.4) with SMTP
	  id IAA42810; Sun, 2 Feb 1997 08:35:50 -0500
Date: Sun, 2 Feb 1997 08:35:50 -0500 (EST)
From: Cairo <cairo@loc.gov>
To: LC-Participants acquisition Circular list -- British Library <colin.baker@mail.bl.uk>,
        indiana univ lib lib11 <shendren@indiana.edu>,
        univ of virginia lib11b <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>,
        univ of chicago lib13 <mideast-library@uchicago.edu>,
        georgetown univ lib14 <bickettb@gunet.georgetown.edu>,
        univ of washington lib16 <marys@u.washington.edu>,
        new york public lib20 <toddthom@nyplgate.nypl.org>,
        new york univ lib21 <gastonm@elmer1.bobst.nyu.edu>,
        yale lib22 <simon.samoeil@yale.edu>,
        univ of arizona lib23 <midhata@bird.library.arizona.edu>,
        univ of illinois lib24 <naggarwa@uiuc.edu>,
        "portland state univ. lib25" <kern@lib.pdx.edu>,
        temple univ library lib26 <lzein@astro.ocis.temple.edu>,
        "harvard univ. lib3" <mhopper@fas.harvard.edu>,
        "cornell univ. lib35" <ah16@cornell.edu>,
        "McGill Univ. Library lib48" <gacek@lib1.lan.mcgill.ca>,
        columbia lib5 <unlandhe@columbia.edu>,
        washington univ lib50 <Suad-M-Gamal@library.wustl.edu>,
        pennsylvania lib7 <rld@pobox.upenn.edu>
Subject: cbf24
Message-ID: <Pine.A32.3.93.970202083509.35202B-100000@rs8.loc.gov>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
Status: ORf

                      Cairo Book Fair (24)
                       [Titles from Egypt]
 
1-                    LCN: 97960286
 al-Intikhabat al-barlamaniyah fi
Misr 1995 / tahrir Halah
Mustafa...[et al.]. [Cairo] : Markaz
al-Dirasat al-Siyasiyah
wa-al-Istiratijiyah, 1997. $3.55
(U.S.). 318 p. ; 23 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. On the
1995 parliamentary elections in
Egypt. 
 

                  ISBN: 9772270498 
 @@ 
2-                    LCN: 97960287
 Mughith, Kamal Hamid. Taha Husayn :
masadiruhu al-fikriyah, al-adalah
al-ijtimaiyah, al-dimuqratiyah,
al-hurriyah al-akadimiyah, al-fikr
al-tarbawi, al-huwiyah al-thaqafiyah
/ talif Kamal Hamid Mughith ; taqdim
Said Ismail Ali. al-Tabah 1.
al-Qahirah : Markaz al-Dirasat
wa-al-Malumat al-Qanuniyah li-huquq
al-Insan, 1997. $3.55 (U.S.). 185 p.
; 23 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. On the social and
political views of Taha Husayn and
the influences thereon. 
 

                  ISBN: 9775421195 
 @@ 
3-                    LCN: 97960288
 Yusuf, al-Sayyid. al-Ikhwan
al-Muslimun wa-al-dawlah
al-Islamiyah / al-Sayyid Yusuf.
al-Tabah 1. al-Qahirah : al-Arabi
lil-Nashr wa-al-Tawzi, 1997. $7.35
(U.S.). 273 p. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. On the
Muslim Brothers' theory of Islam and
state. 
 

                  ISBN: 9775040604 
 @@ 
4-                    LCN: 97960289
 Naqib, Abd al-Rahman Abd al-Rahman.
al-Tarbiyah al-Islamiyah al-muasirah
fi muwajahat al-nizam al-alami
al-jadid / talif Abd al-Rahman Abd
al-Rahman al-Naqib. al-Tabah 1.
al-Qahirah : Dar al-Fikr al-Arabi,
1997. $7.35 (U.S.). 363 p. ; 24 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
On contemporary Islamic educational
theory. 
 

                  ISBN: 9771008994 
 @@ 
5-                    LCN: 97960290
 Tuqan, Fadwa. Fadwa Tuqan : zilal
al-kalimat al-mahkiyah / hiwar maa
Liyanah Badr. al-Tabah 1. al-Qahirah
: Dar al-Fata al-Arabi, 1996. $3.00
(U.S.). 79 p. : ill. ; 21 cm.
Interview with a Palestinian woman
artist. 
 

                  ISBN: 9775780004 
 @@ 
6-                    LCN: 97960291
 Ashwah, Sabri. al-Tafkir inda
aimmat al-fikr al-Islami : Abu
Hanifah, Malik, al-Shafii, Ibn
Hanbal, Ibn Hazm / Sabri al-Ashwah.
al-Tabah 1. al-Qahirah : Maktabat
Wahbah, 1997. $3.00 (U.S.). 255 p. ;
24 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. On thinking and
reflection in Islam, classic and
modern. 
 

                  ISBN: 9771927183 
 @@ 
7-                    LCN: 97960292
 Bakhshunji, Ashraf Sayyid Muhammad.
Kanais Mallawi al-athariyah :
dirasah athariyah mimariyah / Ashraf
Sayyid Muhammad al-Bakhshunji.
[Giza] : Dar Nahdat al-Sharq, 1996.
$8.85 (U.S.). 397 p. : ill. ; 24 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
History and architecture of the old
churches in Upper Egypt. 
 

                  ISBN: 9772451026 
 @@ 
8-                    LCN: 97960293
 Nasir, al-Gharib. Usul
al-masrifiyah al-Islamiyah wa-qadaya
al-tashghil : dirasah tamzuju bayna
mutayat al-fikr wa-nataij al-tatbiq,
taqabul bayna al-masrifiyah
al-taqlidiyah wa-al-masrifiyah
al-Islamiyah, wa-tuqaddimu hululan
lil-qadaya wa-al-mushkilat
al-raisiyah / al-Gharib Nasir.
al-Tabah 1. [Cairo] : al-Gh. Nasir,
1996. $7.35 (U.S.). 413 p. : ill. ;
24 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. On the principles of
Islamic banking and its problems
compared with traditional banking. 
 

                  ISBN: 9772451026 
 @@ 
9-                    LCN: 97960294
 Rafii, Mustafa Sadiq. Tahta rayat
al-Quran : al-marakah bayna al-qadim
wa-al-jadid : maqalat al-adab
al-Arabi fi al-Jamiah al-Misriyah
wa-al-radd ala kitab "Fi al-shir
al-Jahili" lil-Duktur Taha Husayn
... / bi-qalam Mustafa Sadiq
al-Rafii ; dabt wa-tahqiq Abd Allah
al-Minshawi. al-Tabah 1. al-Mansurah
: Maktabat al-Iman, 1996. $3.85
(U.S.). 304 p. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. Essays
on Arabic and Islamic issue,
including a refutation of Taha
Husayn's thesis on pre-Islamic
poetry. 
 
 
 @@ 
10-                   LCN: 97960295
 Rifai, Hashim. Diwan Hashim
al-Rifai : al-Amal al-kamilah /
tahqiq wa-dirasat Abd al-Rahim Jami
al-Rifai. al-Tabah 1. al-Mansurah :
Maktabat al-Iman, 1996. $7.35
(U.S.). 504 p. ; 24 cm. Collected
poems. 
 
 
 @@ 
11-                   LCN: 97960296
 Ibn al-Kindi, Umar ibn Muhammad ibn
Yusuf. Fadail Misr al-mahrusah /
li-Ibn al-Kindi Umar ibn Muhammad
ibn Yusuf ; tahqiq Ali Muhammad
Umar. al-Tabah 1. al-Qahirah :
Maktabat al-Khanji, 1997. $2.10
(U.S.). 77 p. : ill. ; 24 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
Critical edition of a short classic
treatise on the peculiar qualities
of Egypt. 
 

                  ISBN: 9775046319 
 @@ 
12-                   LCN: 97960297
 Abd al-Wahid al-Marrakushi. Wathaiq
al-Murabitin wa-al-Muwahhidin / Abd
al-Wahid al-Marrakushi ; tahqiq
Munis Husayn. al-Tabah 1. [Cairo] :
Maktabat al-Thaqafah al-Diniyah,
1997. $11.75 (U.S.). 653 p. : ill. ;
25 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. Documents from Muslim
Spain, edited with an introductory
study. 
 

                  ISBN: 9775250137 
 @@ 


