From daemon Mon Apr 14 07:29:17 1997
Received: from rs8.loc.gov (rs8.loc.gov [140.147.248.8]) by poe.acc.Virginia.EDU (8.7.6/8.6.6) with ESMTP id HAA36592 for <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>; Mon, 14 Apr 1997 07:29:15 -0400
Received: from localhost (cairo@localhost)
          by rs8.loc.gov (8.8.4/8.8.4) with SMTP
	  id HAA74440; Mon, 14 Apr 1997 07:27:32 -0400
Date: Mon, 14 Apr 1997 07:27:32 -0400 (EDT)
From: Cairo <cairo@loc.gov>
To: LC-Participants acquisition Circular list -- British Library <colin.baker@mail.bl.uk>,
        Abd al-Ahad <ap201221@brownvm.brown.edu>,
        indiana univ lib lib11 <shendren@indiana.edu>,
        univ of virginia lib11b <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>,
        univ of chicago lib13 <mideast-library@uchicago.edu>,
        georgetown univ lib14 <bickettb@gunet.georgetown.edu>,
        univ of washington lib16 <marys@u.washington.edu>,
        new york public lib20 <toddthom@nyplgate.nypl.org>,
        new york univ lib21 <gastonm@elmer1.bobst.nyu.edu>,
        yale lib22 <simon.samoeil@yale.edu>,
        univ of arizona lib23 <midhata@bird.library.arizona.edu>,
        univ of illinois lib24 <naggarwa@uiuc.edu>,
        "portland state univ. lib25" <kern@lib.pdx.edu>,
        temple univ library lib26 <lzein@astro.ocis.temple.edu>,
        "harvard univ. lib3" <mhopper@fas.harvard.edu>,
        "harvard univ. lib3" <mhopper@fas.harvard.edu>,
        "cornell univ. lib35" <ah16@cornell.edu>,
        "McGill Univ. Library lib48" <gacek@lib1.lan.mcgill.ca>,
        columbia lib5 <unlandhe@columbia.edu>,
        washington univ lib50 <Suad-M-Gamal@library.wustl.edu>,
        pennsylvania lib7 <rld@pobox.upenn.edu>,
        New York Public Library <gyoussef@nypl.org>
Subject: clm97-80
Message-ID: <Pine.A32.3.93.970414072643.22298A-100000@rs8.loc.gov>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
Status: ORf

                           List 97-80
                    Titles from Saudi Arabia
 
1-                    LCN: 97966052
 Badr, Abd al-Basit. Qadaya adabiyah
: ruiyah Islamiyah / Abd al-Basit
Badr. al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad :
Maktabat al-Ubaykan, 1996. $3.30
(U.S.). 115 p. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references (p.
105-113). Four essays on the Islamic
perspective in Arabic literature. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960200906 
 @@ 
2-                    LCN: 97966062
 Hamdan, Ahmad ibn Abd al-Aziz.
Dalil maktabat al-marah al-Muslimah
/ Ahmad ibn Abd al-Aziz al-Hamdan.
al-Tabah 1. Jiddah : Dar al-Andalus
al-Khadra, 1996-     $15.00 (U.S.).
v. <1-2   > ; 24 cm. Reviews of 100
books deemed relevant to Muslim
women, together with lists of theses
and dissertations by women in Saudi
Arabia. 
 

                  ISBN: 996079122X 
 @@ 
3-                    LCN: 97966063
 Abd al-Rahman, Afif Muhammad.
Masadir al-malumat an al-adab
al-jahili : rasd wiraqi / idad Afif
Muhammad Abd al-Rahman, Alu ibn
Ibrahim al-Namlah. al-Tabah 1.
al-Riyad : Maktabat al-Tawbah, 1996.
$10.00 (U.S.). 258 p. ; 24 cm.
Bibliography of sources for the
study pre-Islamic Arabic literature.

 

                  ISBN: 996090458X 
 @@ 
4-                    LCN: 97966064
 Muhayza, Sulayman ibn Abd al-Aziz.
Khawatir wa-dhikrayat hawla al-talim
fi al-Mamlakah al-Arabiyah
al-Saudiyah / talif Sulayman ibn Abd
al-Aziz al-Muhayza. al-Tabah 1.
al-Riyad : S.A.al-Muhayza, 1996.
$6.60 (U.S.). 261 p. ; 24 cm. Essays
on education in Saudi Arabia. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960202437 
 @@ 
5-                    LCN: 97966068
 Ibn Taymiyah, Abd al-Halim ibn Abd
al-Salam, Talkhis kitab
al-Istighathah al-maruf bi-al-Radd
ala al-Bakri ; wa-bihamishihi Kitab
al-Radd ala al-Ahnabi wa-istihbab
ziyarat khayr al-bariyah al-ziyarah
al-shariyah / tasnif Ahmad ibn Abd
al-Halim ibn Abd al-Salam ibn
Taymiyah. al-Riyad : Dar Atlas,
1997. $8.30 (U.S.). 398 p. ; 25 cm.
Reprint of a classic refutation of
an anti-Salafi polemic. 
 
 
 @@ 
6-                    LCN: 97966070
 Ibn Kathir, Ismail ibn Umar, Tafsir
al-Quran al-azim / li-Imad al-Din
Abi al-Fida Ismail ibn Umar Ibn
Kathir ; haqqaqahu wa-kharraja
ahadithahu wa-allaqa alayhi Abu
Ishaq al-Huwayni al-Athari. al-Tabah
1. al-Riyad : Dar Ibn al-Jawzi,
1997-     $10.00 (U.S.) v. <1-   >
25 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. New edition of a popular
classic Koran commentary. 
 
 
 @@ 
7-                    LCN: 97966072
 Sunaydi, Abd Allah ibn Rashid.
Marahil tatawwur tanzim al-idarah
al-hukumiyah fi al-Mamlakah
al-Arabiyah al-Saudiyah wa-lamahat
min injazatiha / Abd Allah ibn
Rashid al-Sunaydi. al-Tabah 4.
al-Riyad : A.R.al-Sunaydi, 1994.
$13.30 (U.S.). 338 p. ; 25 cm.
Includes bibliographical references
(p. 323-326). Introduction to the
Saudi government's administrative
structures, development, and
achievements. 
 
 
 @@ 
8-                    LCN: 97966073
 Zahrani, Jaman ibn Ayid.
al-Masuniyah wa-al-marah / talif
Jaman ibn Ayid al-Zahrani. Makkah :
Rabitat al-Alam al-Islami, 1415
[1995 or 1996] $2.00 (U.S.). 173 p.
; 21 cm. ( Dawat al-haqq (Mecca,
Saudi Arabia) ; al-adad 149 )
Includes bibliographical references.
On women's liberation as a Jewish
Masonic plot, for the general
reader. 
 
 
 @@ 
9-                    LCN: 97966075
 Khudayr, Abd al-Karim ibn Abd
Allah. al-Hadith al-daif wa-hukm
al-ihtijaj bi-hi / Abd al-Karim ibn
Abd Allah al-Khudayr. al-Tabah 1.
al-Riyad : Dar al-Muslim, 1997.
$10.00 (U.S.). 490 p. ; 25 cm.
Includes bibliographical references
(p. 431-482) and index. Revised
master's thesis on the nature and
reliability of weak hadiths. 
 
 
 @@ 
10-                   LCN: 97966076
 Alusi, Mahmud Shukri. Sabb al-adhab
ala man sabb al-Ashab / li-Abi
al-Maali Mahmud Shukri al-Alusi ;
dirasat wa-tahqiq Abd Allah
al-Bukhari. al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad :
Adwa al-Salaf, 1997. $11.60 (U.S.).
626 p. ; 25 cm. Includes
bibliographical references (p.
575-611) and indexes. 19th century
treatise on the respect due to the
Prophet Muhammad's Companions. 
 
 
 @@ 
11-                   LCN: 97966079
 Karzun, Anas Ahmad. Manhaj al-Islam
fi tazkiyat al-nafs / Anas Ahmad
Karzun. al-Tabah 1. Jiddah ; Bayrut
: Dar Nur al-Maktabat ; Dar Ibn
Hazm, 1997. $16.60 (U.S.). 2 v. ; 25
cm. Includes bibliographical
references (v. 2 p. 871-891) and
indexes. On purifying the soul in
Islamic psychology. 
 
 
 @@ 
12-                   LCN: 97966082
 Ibn Taymiyah, Abd al-Halim ibn Abd
al-Salam, Kitab al-siyam min Sharh
al-Umdah / talif Abi al-abbas Ahmad
ibn Abd al-Halim ibn Abd al-Salam
al-Dimashqi ; tahqiq Zaid ibn Ahmad
al-Nushayri ; taqdim Abd Allah ibn
Abd al-Rahman al-Sad. al-Riyad : Dar
al-Ansari, 1996. $18.30 (U.S.). 2 v.
; 25 cm. Includes bibliographical
references (v. 2 p. 955-965) and
indexes. New edition of the section
on fasting of a classic Salafi
commentary on a work of Hanbali law.

 

                  ISBN: 9960279266 
 @@ 
13-                   LCN: 97966086
 Qahtani, Farraj Salim. Shurb
al-khamr wa-atharuhu ala al-amn :
dirasah muqaranah bayna al-shariah
wa-al-qanun / Farraj Salim Hadu
al-Qahtani. al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad :
F.S.al-Qahtani, 1996. $10.00 (U.S.).
324 p. 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references (p.
315-324). On alcohol and its
effects, by an officer of the Saudi
National Guard. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960311120 
 @@ 
14-                   LCN: 97966090
 Sibt, Khalid ibn Uthman. Qawaid
al-tafsir : jaman wa-dirasah /
Khalid ibn Uthman al-Sibt. al-Tabah
1. al-Riyad : Dar Ibn Affan, 1997.
$21.60 (U.S.). 2 v. ; 25 cm.
(Silsilat al-Qawaid wa-al-dawabit
wa-al-kulliyat ; 1 ) Includes
bibliographical references (v. 2 p.
905-936) and index. Modern
explanation of the rules of Koran
commentary. 
 
 
 @@ 


