From daemon Sun Feb 23 09:30:51 1997
Received: from rs8.loc.gov (rs8.loc.gov [140.147.248.8]) by poe.acc.Virginia.EDU (8.7.6/8.6.6) with ESMTP id JAA92105 for <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>; Sun, 23 Feb 1997 09:30:42 -0500
Received: from localhost (cairo@localhost)
          by rs8.loc.gov (8.8.4/8.8.4) with SMTP
	  id JAA122410; Sun, 23 Feb 1997 09:30:30 -0500
Date: Sun, 23 Feb 1997 09:30:30 -0500 (EST)
From: Cairo <cairo@loc.gov>
To: LC-Participants acquisition Circular list -- British Library <colin.baker@mail.bl.uk>,
        indiana univ lib lib11 <shendren@indiana.edu>,
        univ of virginia lib11b <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>,
        univ of chicago lib13 <mideast-library@uchicago.edu>,
        georgetown univ lib14 <bickettb@gunet.georgetown.edu>,
        univ of washington lib16 <marys@u.washington.edu>,
        new york public lib20 <toddthom@nyplgate.nypl.org>,
        new york univ lib21 <gastonm@elmer1.bobst.nyu.edu>,
        yale lib22 <simon.samoeil@yale.edu>,
        univ of arizona lib23 <midhata@bird.library.arizona.edu>,
        univ of illinois lib24 <naggarwa@uiuc.edu>,
        "portland state univ. lib25" <kern@lib.pdx.edu>,
        temple univ library lib26 <lzein@astro.ocis.temple.edu>,
        "harvard univ. lib3" <mhopper@fas.harvard.edu>,
        "harvard univ. lib3" <mhopper@fas.harvard.edu>,
        "cornell univ. lib35" <ah16@cornell.edu>,
        "McGill Univ. Library lib48" <gacek@lib1.lan.mcgill.ca>,
        columbia lib5 <unlandhe@columbia.edu>,
        washington univ lib50 <Suad-M-Gamal@library.wustl.edu>,
        pennsylvania lib7 <rld@pobox.upenn.edu>,
        New York Public Library <gyoussef@nypl.org>,
        Pat Putney <AP201001@BROWNVM.BROWN.EDU>
Subject: clm97-59
Message-ID: <Pine.A32.3.93.970223093002.85410B-100000@rs8.loc.gov>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
Status: OR

                           List 97-59
                    Titles from Saudi Arabia

1-                    LCN: 97964371
 Albani, Mhammad Nasir al-Din.
Silsilat al-ahadith al-daifah
wa-al-mawduah wa-athariha al-sayyi
fi al-ummah / Muhammad Nasir al-Din
al-Albani. al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad :
Maktabat al-Maarif, 1996. $13.50
(U.S.) v <5-   > ; 25 cm. Exhaustive
analysis of weak and refuted
hadiths. 
 
 
 @@ 
2-                    LCN: 97965908
 Arusi, Abu Abd al-Rahman Jilan ibn
Khidr. al-Dua wa-manzilatuhu min
al-aqidah al-Islamiyah / bi-qalam
Abi Abd al-Rahman Jilan ibn Khidr
Arusi. al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad :
Maktabat al-Rushd, 1996. $18.50
(U.S.) 1011 p. ; 25 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. On
prayer in Islam ; revised master
thesis. 
 
 
 @@ 
3-                    LCN: 97965909
 Qahtani, Abd Allah ibn Salim ibn
Musa. al-Turath al-shabi fi mantiqat
Asir / Abd Allah ibn Salim ibn Musa
al-Qahtani. al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad :
A. A. S. M. al-Qahtani, 1996. $17.00
(U.S.) 497 p. : ill. ; 24 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
Dictionary of terms relating to the
folk culture of the Asir region,
arranged alphabetically by subject. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960310582 
 @@ 
4-                    LCN: 97965910
 Shaqari, Abd Allah ibn Nasir ibn
Muhammad. al-Yahud fi al-sunnah
al-mutahharah / talif Abd Allah ibn
Nasir ibn Muhammad al-Shaqari.
al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad : Dar Tibah
lil-Nashr wa-al-Tawzi, 1996. $20.00
(U.S.) 847 p, ; 25 cm. ( Dirasat
mawduiyah fi al-sunnah al-mutahharah
) Includes bibliographical
references. Revised master thesis on
Jews in Hadith literature. 
 
 
 @@ 
5-                    LCN: 97965911
 Abu al-Shaykh, Abd Allah ibn
Muhammad, al-Juz fihi ahadith Abi
al-Zubayr an ghayr Jabir / Jam abi
al-Shaykh Abd Allah ibn Jafar ibn
Hayyan al-Isbahani. al-Tabah 1.
al-Riyad : Maktabat al-Rushd, 1996.
$5.00 (U.S.) 256 p.; 25 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. Critical
edition of a classic minor
collection of Hadith. 
 
 
 @@ 
6-                    LCN: 97965912
 Zahrani, Muhammad ibn Matar. Ilm
al-rijal : nashatuhu wa-tatawwuruhu
min al-qarn al-awwal ila nihayat
al-qarn al-tasi / Muhammad ibn Matar
al-Zahrani. al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad :
Dar al-Hijrah lil-Nashr wa-al-Tawzi,
1996. $8.50 (U.S.) 380 p. ; 25 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
On the study of Hadith authorities
during the first eight centuries of
the Islamic era. 
 
 
 @@ 
7-                    LCN: 97965913
 Bazamul, Muhammad ibn Umar ibn
Salim. al-Qiraat wa-atharuha fi
al-tafsir wa-al-ahkam / Muhammad ibn
Umar ibn Salim Bazamul. al-Tabah 1.
al-Riyad : Dar al-Hijrah lil-Nashr
wa-al-Tawzi, 1996. $20.00 (U.S) 1035
p. ; 25 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. Revised doctoral
dissertation on Koranic readings and
their influence on other Koran
sciences. 
 
 
 @@ 
8-                    LCN: 97965917
 Luqman, Akhtar Jamal. al-Sayyid
Siddiq Hasan Qanuji : arauhu
al-itiqadiyah wa-mawqifahu min
aqidat al-salaf / Akhtar Jamal
Luqman. al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad : Dar
al-Hijrah lil-Nashr wa-al-Tawzi,
1996. $13.50 (U.S.) 600 p. ; 25 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
On the doctrinal thought of a 19th
century Indian Salafi scholar. 
 
 
 @@ 
9-                    LCN: 97965915
 Muafa, Ahmad ibn Muhammad
al-Shaafi. Furjat al-nazar fi
tarajim rijal min bad al-qarn
al-thalith ashr bi-mintaqat Jizan /
Ahmad ibn Muhammad al-Shaafi
al-Muafa. al-Tabah 1. [Saudi Arabia]
: A. M. S. al-Maafa, 1996. $13.50
(U.S.) 424 p. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references.
Biographical dictionary of the Jizan
region of Saudi Arabia from the 19th
century. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960674010 
 @@ 
10-                   LCN: 97965916
 Jazuli, Ahzami Samun. al-Hijrah fi
al-Quran al-Karim / Ahzami Samun
Jazuli. al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad :
Maktabat al-Rushd, 1996. $11.50
(U.S.) 587 p.; 25 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. On the
theme of emigration in the Koran. 
 
 
 @@ 
11-                   LCN: 97965947
 Ibn Taymiyah, Ahmad ibn Abd
al-Halim, Tafsirat ashkalat ala
kathir min al-ulama hatta la yujada
fi taifah min kutub al-tafsir fiha
al-qawl al-sawab bal la yujada fiha
ila ma hawahu khata / talif Ahmad
ibn Abd al-Hakim ibn Abd al-Salam
ibn Taymiyah. al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad :
Maktabat al-Rushd, 1996. $18.50
(U.S.) 951 p. ; 25 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. Classic
commentary of verses from the Koran,
which the author believed had been
misunderstood by his predecessors. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960010406 
 @@ 
12-                   LCN: 97965948
 Sayf, Muhammad ibn Ibrahim ibn Abd
al-Rahman. al-Zahirah al-ijramiyah
fi thaqafat wa-bina al-mujtama
al-Saudi : bayna al-tasawwur
al-ijtimai wa-haqaiq al-ittijah
al-Islami / talif Muhammad ibn
Ibrahim al-Sayf. $17.00 (U.S.) xv,
325 p. ; 24 cm. ( al-Kitab al-jamii
an al-mujtama al-Saudi ; 4 )
Includes bibliographical references.
On crime Saudi society, with
emphasis on juveniles. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960785513 
 @@ 
13-                   LCN: 97965949
 Bahusayn, Yaqub Abd al-Wahhab.
Qaidat al-yaqin la yazulu
bi-al-shakk : dirasah nazariyah
tasiliyah wa-tatbiqiyah / Yaqub Abd
al-Wahhab al-Bahusayn. al-Riyad :
Maktabat al-Rushd, 1996. $8.50
(U.S.) 284 p. ; 25 cm. Icludes
bibliographical references. On
principle of how doubt precludes
certainty in the interpretation and
application of Islamic law. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960010473 
 @@ 
14-                   LCN: 97965950
 Nasir, Muhammad Hamid. al-Asraniyun
bayn mazaim al-tajdid wa-mayadin
al-taghrib / bi qalam Muhammad Hamid
al-Nasir. al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad :
Maktabat al-Kawthar, 1996. $10.00
(U.S.) 438 p. ; 25 cm. Includes
bibliographical references.
Contemporary polemic against the
modern rationalist trend among some
Muslims. 
 
 
 @@ 
15-                   LCN: 97965951
 Ibn Rushayd, Muhammad ibn Umar,
al-Sanan al-abyan wa-al-mawrid
al-aman fi al-muhakamah bayn
al-imamayn fi al-sanad al-muanan /
li-Ibn Rushayd al-Fihri ; dirasat
wa-tahqiq Abu Abd al-Rahman Salah
ibn Salim al-Musrati. al-Tabah 1.
al-Madinah al-Nabawiyah : Maktabat
al-Ghuraba al-Athariyah, 1417
[1996]. $5.00 (U.S.) 224 p. : ill. ;
24 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. Classic treatise on the
terms used in chains of Hadith
authorities to denote the method of
transmission. 
 
 
 @@ 
16-                   LCN: 97965952
 Jafar al-Sadiq, Munazarat Jafar ibn
Muhammad al-Sadiq maa al-Rafidi fi
al-tafdil bayna Abi Bakr wa-Ali
"radiya Allah anhuma / tahqiq
wa-taliq Ali ibn Abd al-Aziz al-Ali
Al Shibl. al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad : Dar
al-Watan lil-Nashr, 1417 [1996]
$3.00 (U.S.) 156 p. ; 24 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
Critical edition of a classic work
which shows the Shiite Imam, Jafar
al-Sadiq, to be orthodox in belief ;
controversial in the contemporary
context. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960280608 
 @@ 
17-                   LCN: 97965953
 Nawawi, Daqaiq al-Minhaj / talif
Muhyi al-Din Abi Zakariya Yahya ibn
Sharaf al-Nawawi al-Dimashqi
al-Shafii ; haqqaqahu wa-allaqa
alayhi Iyad Ahmad al-Ghawj. al-Tabah
1. Makkah al-Mukarramah :
al-Maktabah al-Makkiyah, 1996. $3.00
(U.S.) 96 p. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references.
Elucidation of points arising in
Minhaj al-salihin al-talibin, a
classic Manual of Shafiite law by
the same author. 
 
 
 @@ 


