From daemon Wed Feb 26 07:20:03 1997
Received: from rs8.loc.gov (rs8.loc.gov [140.147.248.8]) by poe.acc.Virginia.EDU (8.7.6/8.6.6) with ESMTP id HAA93756 for <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>; Wed, 26 Feb 1997 07:20:02 -0500
Received: from localhost (cairo@localhost)
          by rs8.loc.gov (8.8.4/8.8.4) with SMTP
	  id HAA46952; Wed, 26 Feb 1997 07:19:57 -0500
Date: Wed, 26 Feb 1997 07:19:57 -0500 (EST)
From: Cairo <cairo@loc.gov>
To: LC-Participants acquisition Circular list -- British Library <colin.baker@mail.bl.uk>,
        indiana univ lib lib11 <shendren@indiana.edu>,
        univ of virginia lib11b <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>,
        univ of chicago lib13 <mideast-library@uchicago.edu>,
        georgetown univ lib14 <bickettb@gunet.georgetown.edu>,
        univ of washington lib16 <marys@u.washington.edu>,
        new york public lib20 <toddthom@nyplgate.nypl.org>,
        new york univ lib21 <gastonm@elmer1.bobst.nyu.edu>,
        yale lib22 <simon.samoeil@yale.edu>,
        univ of arizona lib23 <midhata@bird.library.arizona.edu>,
        univ of illinois lib24 <naggarwa@uiuc.edu>,
        "portland state univ. lib25" <kern@lib.pdx.edu>,
        temple univ library lib26 <lzein@astro.ocis.temple.edu>,
        "harvard univ. lib3" <mhopper@fas.harvard.edu>,
        "harvard univ. lib3" <mhopper@fas.harvard.edu>,
        "cornell univ. lib35" <ah16@cornell.edu>,
        "McGill Univ. Library lib48" <gacek@lib1.lan.mcgill.ca>,
        columbia lib5 <unlandhe@columbia.edu>,
        washington univ lib50 <Suad-M-Gamal@library.wustl.edu>,
        pennsylvania lib7 <rld@pobox.upenn.edu>,
        New York Public Library <gyoussef@nypl.org>,
        Pat Putney <AP201001@BROWNVM.BROWN.EDU>
Subject: clm97-61
Message-ID: <Pine.A32.3.93.970226071925.166652B-100000@rs8.loc.gov>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
Status: O

                            List97-61
                       [Titles from Egypt]
 
1-                    LCN: 97960000
 Suyuti. Kitab al-Zajr bi-al-hajr
wa-maahu kitab Asma al-mutahajirin /
li-Jalal al-Din Abi al-Fadl Abd
al-Rahman al-Suyuti al-Shafii ;
tahqiq Ahmad Abd Allah Bajur.
al-Tabah 1. al-Qahirah : al-Dar
al-Misriyah al-Lubnaniyah, 1996.
$1.50 (U.S.). 136 p. : ill. ; 20 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
Classic collection of hadiths on the
kind of separation with a
beneficial, and a chapter listing
the names of emigrants. 
 

                  ISBN: 9772702800 
 @@ 
2-                    LCN: 97960001
 Suyuti. Husn al-taahhud fi ahadith
al-tasmiyah fi al-tashahhud /
li-Jalal al-Din Abi al-Fadl Abd
al-Rahman al-Suyuti al-Shafii ;
tahqiq Ahmad Abd Allah Bajur.
al-Tabah 1. al-Qahirah : al-Dar
al-Misriyah al-Lubnaniyah, 1996.
$0.90 (U.S.). 68 p. : ill. ; 20 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
Classic collection of hadiths on
reciting the basmalah before the
profession of faith. 
 

                  ISBN: 9772702797 
 @@ 
3-                    LCN: 97960002
 Suyuti. Husul al-rifq bi-usul
al-rizq / li-Jalal al-Din Abi
al-Fadl Abd al-Rahman al-Suyuti
al-Shafii ; tahqiq Ahmad Abd Allah
Bajur. al-Tabah 1. al-Qahirah :
al-Dar al-Misriyah al-Lubnaniyah,
1996. $1.50 (U.S.). 140 p. : ill. ;
20 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. Classic treatise on
hadiths relating to prayers and
actions which guarantee one's daily
sustenance. 
 

                  ISBN: 9772702819 
 @@ 
4-                    LCN: 97960003
 Qutb, Misbah. 93/94/1995 : awam
fasilah fi tarikh al-amn wa-al-aman
/ Misbah Qutb. al-Tabah 1.
[al-Qahirah] : Markaz al-Mahrusah
lil-Buhuth wa-al-Tadrib wa-al-Nashr,
1996. $2.10 (U.S.). 157 p. ; 19 cm.
(Tahta dairat al-daw ; 1 ) Study of
the security situation in Egypt,
based on statistics in the annual
reports on crime. 
 

                  ISBN: 9775652006 
 @@ 
5-                    LCN: 97960007
 Hanafi, Sari. Bayna alamayn : rijal
al-amal al-Filastiniyun fi al-shatat
wa-bina al-kiyan al-Filastini / Sari
Hanafi. Dar al-Mustaqbal al-Arabi,
1996. $5.30 (U.S.). 264 p. ; 20 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
Investment in the building of the
PNA by businessmen of the
Palestinian diaspora. 
 

                  ISBN: 9772391447 
 @@ 
6-                    LCN: 97960008
 Abu al-Isad, Muhammad. al-Saudiyah
wa-al-Ikhwan al-Muslimun / Muhammad
Abu al-Isad. [al-Qahirah] : Markaz
al-Dirasat wa-al-Malumat
al-Qanuniyah li-Huquq al-Insan,
1996. $1.50 (U.S.). 117 p. ; ill. ;
20 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. Study of the links
between the Muslim Brothers and the
Saudi regime in the mid-20th
century. 
 

                 ISBN: 9775542111X 
 @@ 
7-                    LCN: 97960010
 Kazim, Safi Naz Muhammad.
al-Muqawamah wa-irhab al-makr
al-Sahyuni / Safi Naz Kazim.
al-Qahirah : Markaz Yafa lil-Dirasat
wa-al-Abhath, 1996. $1.20 (U.S.). 80
p. ; 24 cm. Tract on resistance to
Zionist terrorism, by an Egyptian
woman critic with apparent Shiite
sympathies. 
 
 
 @@ 
8-                    LCN: 97960011
 Husayn, Ahmad Majdi. Wa-intasarat
al-muqawamah / Majdi Ahmad Husayn.
al-Qahirah : Markaz Yafa lil-Dirasat
wa-al-Abhath, 1996. $0.90 (U.S.). 46
p. ; 24 cm. Reflexions on the
struggle in South Lebanon, by a
former MP of the Hizb al-Amal, now
editor of al-Shab newspaper. 
 
 
 @@ 
9-                    LCN: 97960012
 Muru, Muhammad. al-Jihad fi sabil
Allah : Hizb Allah namudhajan /
Muhammad Muru. al-Qahirah : Markaz
Yafa lil-Dirasat wa-al-Abhath, 1996.
$1.20 (U.S.). 72 p. ; 24 cm.
Pro-Shiite Islamist tract on jihad
in the late 20th century. 
 
 
 @@ 
10-                   LCN: 97960013
 Sulayman, Mahmud Muhammad.
al-Ajanib fi Misr, 1922-1952 :
dirasah fi tarikh Misr al-ijtimai /
talif Mahmud Muhammad Sulayman.
al-Tabah 1. [Giza] : Ayn lil-Dirasat
wa-al-Buhuth al-Insaniyah
wa-al-Ijtimaiyah, 1996. $5.90
(U.S.). 367 p. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. Study of
the social impact of foreigners in
Egypt from World War I to the
Revolution. 
 

                  ISBN: 9775487528 
 @@ 

11-                   LCN: 97960014
 Ibrahim, Hasanayn Tawfiq. al-Dawr
al-siyasi li-jamaat al-Ikhwan
al-Muslimin fi zill al-taaddudiyah
al-siyasiyah al-muqayyadah fi Misr :
dirasah fi al-mumarasah
al-siyasiyah, 1984-1990 / idad
Hasanayn Tawfiq Ibrahim, Huda Raghib
Awad. al-Tabah 1. [al-Qahirah] :
Markaz al-Mahrusah lil-Buhuth
wa-al-Tadrib wa-al-Nashr, 1996.
$8.80 (U.S.). 447 p. ; 23 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
Study of the parliamentary alliances
of the Muslim Brothers within the
context of Egypt's limited political
pluralism. 
 

                  ISBN: 9775652510 
 @@ 
12-                   LCN: 97960018
 Mahfuz, Najib. Hawla al-Tadayyun
wa-al-tatarruf / Najib Mahfuz ;
aaddahu lil-nashr Fathi al-Ashri.
al-Tabah 1. al-Qahirah : al-Dar
al-Misriyah al-Lubnaniyah, 1996.
$2.65 (U.S.). 209 p. ; 20 cm. Essays
on simple faith and religious
extremism composed between 1986 and
1994. 
 

                  ISBN: 9772702894 
 @@ 
13-                   LCN: 97960019
 Fawzi, Naji. Nasharat al-sinima fi
Misr : ittijahat naqdiyah / talif
Naji Fawzi ; taqdim Madkur Thabit.
[Giza] : al-Markaz al-Qawmi
lil-Sinima, 1996. $2.65 (U.S.). 506,
46 p. : ill. 24 cm. (Milaffat
al-sinima ; 2 ) Includes
bibliographical references. Cinema
bulletins in Egypt : film critical
trends. 
 
 
 @@ 
14-                   LCN: 97960020
 Afaq al-iqtisad al-Misri fi zuruf
al-salam al-shamil fi al-Sharq
al-Awsat. Afaq al-iqtisad al-Misri
fi zuruf al-salam al-shamil fi
al-Sharq al-Awsat : nadwat Markaz
al-Buhuth wa-al-Dirasat
al-Iqtisadiyah wa-al-Maliyah, 11-12
Disambir 1993 / tahrir Salwa
Sulayman. [al-Qahirah] : Jamiat
al-Qahirah, Markaz al-Buhuth
wa-al-Dirasat al-Iqtisadiyah
wa-al-Maliyah, 1996. $8.00 (U.S.).
291 p. ; 23 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. Papers
from a seminar on the impact a
Middle East peace world have on the
economy of Egypt. 
 

                  ISBN: 9772232367 
 @@ 
15-                   LCN: 97960021
 Taqrir al-halah al-diniyah fi Misr,
1995. al-Tabah 1. al-Qahirah :
Markaz al-Dirasat al-Siyasiyah
wa-al-Istiratijiyah bi-al-Ahram.
$7.50 (U.S.). 389 p. ; 28 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
Report on authorized and
unauthorized religion in Egypt in
1995, with statistics. 
 
 
 @@ 
16-                   LCN: 97960022
 Nasr, Samihah. al-Unf
wa-al-mashaqqah : al-istihdaf
lil-unf wa-al-taarrud li-ahdath
al-hayah al-mushiqqah / Samihah Nasr
; ishraf Faysal Yunus. al-Qahirah :
al-Markaz al-Qawmi lil-Buhuth
al-Ijtimaiyah wa-al-Jinaiyah, 1996.
$8.00 (U.S.). 259 p. : ill. 24 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
Field study of violence and stress
in Egyptian society based, inter
alia, on the Eysenck Personality
Questionnaire (EPQ). 
 

                  ISBN: 9775115868 
 @@ 
17-                   LCN: 97960023
 Allamah, Mutahhar Muhammad Muhibb.
al-Iltizam bi-radd ghayr
al-mustahaqq fi al-qanun al-madani
al-Misri : dirasah muqaranah
bi-al-qanun al-madani al-Yamani
wa-al-fiqh al-Islami / Mutahhar
Muhammad Muhibb Allamah. al-Tabah 1.
[al-Qahirah] : M.M.M. Allamah, 1996.
$8.80 (U.S.). 499 p. ; 24 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
Comparative study of the Egyptian
law on unlawful gain and possession.

 

                  ISBN: 9771918265 
 @@ 
18-                   LCN: 97960024
 Abd Allah, Abd Allah Muhammad.
Wilayat al-hisbah fi al-Islam /
talif Abd Allah Muhammad Abd Allah.
al-Tabah 1. al-Qahirah : Maktabat
al-Zahra, 1996. $8.80 (U.S.). 631 p.
; 25 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. Study of the theory of
moral regulation (hisbah) in Islamic
society. 
 

                  ISBN: 9775200709 
 @@ 
19-                   LCN: 97960025
 Nabarawy, Raafat. al-Nuqud
al-Salibiyah fi al-Sham wa-Misr /
Rafat Muhammad al-Nabrawi. al-Tabah
1. [Giza] : Dar Nahdat al-Sharq,
1996. $7.35 (U.S.). 327 p. : ill. ;
24 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. Numismatic study of
Egypt and Syria under the Crusaders.

 
                  ISBN: 9772451107 
 @@ 

20-                   LCN: 97960026
 Hafiz, Asma Husayn. al-Tashriat
al-munazzimah lil-sihafah wa-ahkam
jaraim al-alaniyah wa-al-nashr :
qanun al-sihafah al-jadid raqm 96
li-sanat 1996, qanun niqabat
al-suhufiyin raqm 76 li-sanat 1970,
ahkam al-tahrim wa-al-masuliyah
wa-al-iqab ala jaraim al-sihafah
wa-al-nashr / Asma Husayn Hafiz.
al-Qahirah : Dar al-Amin lil-Nashr
wa-al-Tawzi, 1997. $7.35 (U.S.). 400
p. ; 24 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. Study of the rules on
responsibility and penalties in the
1996 press law and the 1970
journalists union 

law of Egypt. 
 

                  ISBN: 9772790939 
 @@ 
21-                   LCN: 97960027
 Al Thani, Haya Ali Jasim. al-Khalij
al-Arabi fi usur ma qabla al-tarikh
: silat Dilmun bi-Amuru
wa-bi-al-Amuriyin, 2050-1530 [b.c.]
/ Haya Ali Jasim Al Thani ; ishraf
Hisham Badr al-Din al-Safadi.
al-Tabah 1. al-Qahirah : Markaz
al-Kitab lil-Nashr, 1997. $8.80
(U.S.). 334 p. : ill. c24 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
On the pre-Islamic history of the
north eastern Arabian Peninsula. 
 

                  ISBN: 977521582X 
 @@ 
22-                   LCN: 97960028
 Abd al-Raziq, Mustafa. Aliyat
al-ikhtiraq al-Israili lil-mintaqah
al-Arabiyah / Mustafa Abd al-Raziq.
al-Tabah 1. al-Qahirah : Dar al-Ghad
al-Arabi, 1996. $1.50 (U.S.). 293 p.
; 20 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. Journalistic analysis of
the techniques applied by Israel to
split the Arab region. 
 

                  ISBN: 9775066344 
 @@ 


From daemon Wed Mar 12 07:55:23 1997
Received: from rs8.loc.gov (rs8.loc.gov [140.147.248.8]) by poe.acc.Virginia.EDU (8.7.6/8.6.6) with ESMTP id HAA153424 for <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>; Wed, 12 Mar 1997 07:55:21 -0500
Received: from localhost (cairo@localhost)
          by rs8.loc.gov (8.8.4/8.8.4) with SMTP
	  id HAA104306; Wed, 12 Mar 1997 07:54:15 -0500
Date: Wed, 12 Mar 1997 07:54:15 -0500 (EST)
From: Cairo <cairo@loc.gov>
To: LC-Participants acquisition Circular list -- British Library <colin.baker@mail.bl.uk>,
        Abd al-Ahad <ap201221@brownvm.brown.edu>,
        indiana univ lib lib11 <shendren@indiana.edu>,
        univ of virginia lib11b <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>,
        univ of chicago lib13 <mideast-library@uchicago.edu>,
        georgetown univ lib14 <bickettb@gunet.georgetown.edu>,
        univ of washington lib16 <marys@u.washington.edu>,
        new york public lib20 <toddthom@nyplgate.nypl.org>,
        new york univ lib21 <gastonm@elmer1.bobst.nyu.edu>,
        yale lib22 <simon.samoeil@yale.edu>,
        univ of arizona lib23 <midhata@bird.library.arizona.edu>,
        univ of illinois lib24 <naggarwa@uiuc.edu>,
        "portland state univ. lib25" <kern@lib.pdx.edu>,
        temple univ library lib26 <lzein@astro.ocis.temple.edu>,
        "harvard univ. lib3" <mhopper@fas.harvard.edu>,
        "harvard univ. lib3" <mhopper@fas.harvard.edu>,
        "cornell univ. lib35" <ah16@cornell.edu>,
        "McGill Univ. Library lib48" <gacek@lib1.lan.mcgill.ca>,
        columbia lib5 <unlandhe@columbia.edu>,
        washington univ lib50 <Suad-M-Gamal@library.wustl.edu>,
        pennsylvania lib7 <rld@pobox.upenn.edu>,
        New York Public Library <gyoussef@nypl.org>
Subject: clm87-61
Message-ID: <Pine.A32.3.93.970312075303.59054A-100000@rs8.loc.gov>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
Status: ORf

                      List 97-61 (Revised)
                        Titles from Egypt
 
1-                    LCN: 74960046
 Ibn Sidah, Ali ibn Ismail.
al-Muhkam wa-al-muhit al-azam fi
al-lughah / talif Alii ibn Ismail
ibn Sidah ; tahqiq Yahya
al-Khashshab ; sharaka fi tahqiqihi
wa-rajaahu Abd al-Wahhab Sayyid Awad
Allah. al-Tabah 1. al-Qahirah :
Mahad al-Makhtutat al-Arabiyah,
<1996-    >. $11.80 (U.S.). v. <8  
> ; 29 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. Part of a classic
dictionary of Arabic. 
 

                  ISBN: 9775301092 
 @@ 
2-                    LCN: 91961862
 Tukhi, Abd Allah. Muallafat Abd
Allah al-Tukhi : fikr wa-fann fi
al-hayah .. al-ishq .. al-mawt.
[Cairo] : al-Hayah al-Misriyah
al-Ammah lil-Kitab, <1996-    >.
$2.90 (U.S.). v. <6   > ; 20 cm.
Arabic literary essays. 
 

                  ISBN: 9770148067 
 @@ 
3-                    LCN: 97960037
 Nawwar, Salah al-Din Muhammad.
al-Tawaif al-Maghuliyah fi Misr
wa-tathiratuha al-askariyah
wa-al-siyasiyah wa-al-ijtimaiyah
wa-al-lughawiyah wa-al-umraniyah fi
asr dawlat al-Mamalik al-Bahriyah,
658-783 H/1260-1381 M / Salah al-Din
Muhammad Nawwar. al-Iskandariyah :
Munshaat al-Maarif, 1996. $3.55
(U.S.). 160 p. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. On the
Mongol influence on Egypt during the
Mameluke period. 
 

                  ISBN: 9770398659 
 @@ 
4-                    LCN: 97960038
 Abu Rayyan, Muhammad Ali. Aslamat
al-marifah : al-ulum al-insaniyah
wa-manahijuha min wijhat nazar
Islamiyah / Muhammad Ali Abu Rayyan.
[Alexandria, Egypt] : Dar al-Marifah
al-Jamiiyah, 1997. $6.50 (U.S.). 421
p. ; 24 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. On the branches of
knowledge and epistemology from an
Islamic perspective. 
 

 @@ 
5-                    LCN: 97960184
 Jawwadi, Muhammad. Mudhakkirat
al-Dubbat al-Ahrar : mudarasah
tarikhiyah naqdiyah li-mudhakkirat
Muhammad Najib wa-Abd al-Latif
al-Baghdadi wa-Khalid Muhyi al-Din
wa-Abd al-Munim Abd al-Rauf... /
Muhammad al-Jawwadi. al-Qahirah :
Dar al-Shuruq, 1996. $3.50 (U.S.).
167 p. ; 24 cm. Studies of the
autobiographies of leaders of the
Free Officers' Revolution in Egypt
in 1952. 


 
                  ISBN: 977090337X 
 @@ 
6-                    LCN: 97960187
 Muhammad, Muhammad Sayyid. Haykal
wa-al-siyasah al-usbuiyah / Muhammad
Sayyid Muhammad. [Cairo] : al-Hayah
al-Misriyah al-Ammah lil-Kitab,.
1996. $1.50 (U.S.). 390 p. : ill. ;
19 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. On Muhammad Husayn
Haykal and the weekly newspaper of
which he was editor-in-chief. 
 

                  ISBN: 9770150061 
 @@ 
7-                    LCN: 97960188
 Said, Rushdi. al-Haqiqah wa-al-wahm
fi al-waqi al-Misri / bi-qalam
Rushdi Said. [Cairo] : Dar al-Hilal,
1996. $1.00 (U.S.). 228 p. : ill. ;
16 cm. On the major issues
confronting Egypt under the New
World Order and in the 21th century.

 

                  ISBN: 9770704989 
 @@ 
8-                    LCN: 97960199
 Abd al-Azim, Hamdi. Ghasil al-amwal
fi Misr wa-al-alam : al-jarimah
al-bayda : abaduha - atharuha -
kayfiyat mukafahatiha / talif Hamdi
Abd al-Azim. al-Tabah 1. Tanta : Abd
al-A. Hamdi, 1997. $6.00 (U.S.). 292
p. ; 24 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. On money-laundering both
globally and in Egypt. 
 

                  ISBN: 9771921495 
 @@ 
9-                    LCN: 97960201
 Maktabat Rifaah Rafi al-Tahtawi.
Fihris makhtutat Maktabat Rifaah
Rafi al-Tahtawi / [idad] Yusuf
Zaydan. al-Qahirah : Mahad
al-Makhtutat al-Arabiyah, <1996-   
>. $4.40 (U.S.). v. <1   > ; 24 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
Catalogue of Rifaah Rafi al-Tahtawi
manuscripts. 
 

                  ISBN: 9775301084 
 @@ 
10-                   LCN: 97960202
 Abd al-Qadir, Muhammad Ahmad.
Qadaya al-fikr al-Islami al-hadith
bayna al-asalah wa-al-muasarah /
Muhammad Ahmad Abd al-Qadir.
[Alexandria, Egypt] : Dar al-Marifah
al-Jamiiyah, 1997. $7.50 (U.S.). 455
p. ; 24 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. On issues confronting
contemporary Islamic thought. 
 
 
 @@ 
11-                   LCN: 97960205
 Sakhawi, Mustafa. al-Nuzum
al-qarabiyah fi al-mujtama al-qabali
/ Mustafa al-Sakhawi.
al-Iskandariyah : Dar al-Marifah
al-Jamiiyah, 1996. $3.50 (U.S.). 175
p. : ill. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references.
Anthropological study of kinship in
Bedouin society. 
 
 
 @@ 
12-                   LCN: 97960206
 Ali, Muhammad Fadl.
al-Turabi--al-Bashir : al-khilafah
al-kadhibah / bi-qalam Muhammad Fadl
Ali. [Cairo] : Dar al-Fikr
al-Hadith, 1997. $2.10 (U.S.). 141
p. ; 20 cm. On the political record
of the current Sudanese leadership,
by a dissident journalist. 
 
 
 @@ 
13-                   LCN: 97960207
 Abd al-Rahman, Muna al-Sayyid
Hafiz. al-Tafaul al-thaqafi bayna
Misr wa-mujtamaat al-Khalij al-Arabi
: dirasah fi al-thaqafah
wa-al-mujtama / Muna al-Sayyid Hafiz
Abd al-Rahman ; taqdim Mahmud Awdah.
[Alexandria, Egypt] : Dar al-Marifah
al-Jamiiyah, 1996. $7.50 (U.S.). 487
p. ; 24 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. On the cultural exchange
between Egypt and the GCC states. 
 
 
 @@ 
14-                   LCN: 97960208
 Ramikh, al-Sayyid Muhammad.
al-Tahlil al-susyuluji li-binyat
al-mujtama al-Misri / al-Sayyid
Muhammad al-Ramikh. [Alexandria,
Egypt] : Dar al-Marifah al-Jamiiyah,
1997. $6.00 (U.S.). 334 p. ; 24 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
Analysis of Egyptian social
structure ; revised doctoral
dissertation. 
 
 
 @@ 
15-                   LCN: 97960209
 Mahjub, Muhammad Abduh. Dirasat fi
al-mujtama al-badawi / Muhammad
Abduh Mahjub, Muhammad Ahmad
Ghunaym, Fatin Muhammad Sharif.
[Alexandria, Egypt] : Dar al-Marifah
al-Jamiiyah, 1997. $7.30 (U.S.). 469
p. ; 24 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. Socio-anthropological
studies on bedouin society. 
 
 
 @@ 
16-                   LCN: 97960220
 Bahrawi, Ibrahim. al-Harb : nihayat
waqahat al-Yamin al-Israili /
Ibrahim al-Bahrawi. al-Tabah 1.
al-Qahirah : Dar al-Husam, 1997.
$3.00 (U.S.). 138 p. ; 24 cm. Views
of an Egyptian professor of Israeli
literature on Arab-Israeli relations
in the wake of the Likud victory of
1996. 
 

                  ISBN: 977565937X 
 @@ 
17-                   LCN: 97960299
 al-Dimuqratiyah fi Misr : al-masir
al-majhul : nataij rasd al-tuun
al-intikhabiyah amama Mahkamat
al-Naqd wa-Mahakim al-Qada al-Idari,
Majlis al-Shab, 1995-2000 / idad
wa-tawthiq Said Abd al-Hafiz ;
tahrir Abd al-Munim Shibl ; ishraf
Muhammad Munib. al-Qahirah :
al-Munazzamah al-Misriyah li-Huquq
al-Insan, [1996?]. $3.25 (U.S.).
148, [10] p. : ill. ; 24 cm. On
cases of irregularities in
parliamentary electoral procedure
brought before Egyptian courts in
1995. 
 
 
 @@ 
18-                   LCN: 97960440
 Bousquet, Bernard. Tell-Douch et sa
region : geographie d'une limite de
milieu a une frontiere d'Empire /
Bernard Bousquet ; avec la
collaboration de Marc Robin, Patrick
Deleuze, Christian Braun. Le Caire :
Institut francais d'archeologie
orientale, 1996. $59.00 (U.S.). 368
p. : ill. ; 32 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. 
 

                  ISBN: 2724701801 
                    ISSN: 07682964 

Title from Jordan

19-                   LCN: 97965027
 al-Quds amanah fi unuq kull Arabi
wa-Muslim : haqaiq wa-malumat /
Lajnat Yawm al-Quds. Amman :
al-Lajnah, 1996. $8.80 (U.S.). 105,
7 p. : ill. ; 29 cm. Jerusalem if it
tells. 
 
 
 @@ 
20-                   LCN: 97965031
 al-Rihlah al-mulukiyah
al-Hashimiyah min Makkah
al-Mukarramah ila Amman wa-al-bayah
al-kubra bi-al-khilafah lil-Sharif
Husayn ibn Ali / idad wa-tahrir
Muhammad Yunus al-Abbadi. al-Tabah
1. Amman : Wizarat al-Thaqafah,
1996. $5.30 (U.S.). 319 p. ; 24 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
The royal Hashemite journey from
Holy Mecca to Amman and the great
pledge of faithfulness to the
Khalifate of al-Shareef al-Hussein
bin Ali bin Aoun. 
 
 
 @@ 
21-                   LCN: 97965032
 Abhath Markaz al-Dirasat
al-Urduniyah : dirasat ilmiyah
muhakkamah. Irbid : Jamiat
al-Yarmuk, Markaz al-Dirasat
al-Urduniyah, 1996. $5.30 (U.S.).
209, 7 p. ; 23 cm. Includes
bibliographical references.
Jordanian Studies Center, Yarmouk
University : refereed studies. 
 
 
 @@ 
22-                   LCN: 97965035
 al-Marah al-Urduniyah wa-al-amal
al-siyasi : waqai nadwah / ishraf
wa-taqdim Hani al-Hawrani aadda
lil-nadwah Talib Awad, Khadijah
al-Habashinah ; tahrir Ahmad Arafat
murajaat Husayn Abu Rumman. Amman :
Dar Sindbad lil-Nashr, 1996. $5.30
(U.S.). 137 p. ; 20 cm. Proceedings
of a seminar on the role of women in
Jordanian politics. 
 
 
 @@ 
23-                   LCN: 97965036
 Hayyari, Man. Jaraim al-tahrib
al-jumruki : dirasah muqaranah :
risalat majistir fi al-qanun / talif
Man al-Hayyari. al-Tabah 1. Amman :
Maktabat Dar al-Thaqafah lil-Nashr
wa-al-Tawzi, 1997. $7.00 (U.S.). 183
p. ; 23 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. Comparative study of
Ottoman and modern Arab laws on
smuggling ; revised master's thesis.

 
 
 @@ 
24-                   LCN: 97965038
 Shinaq, Abd al-Majid. al-Tarikh
al-siyasi lil-alaqat
al-Urduniyah-al-Suriyah mundhu
al-istiqlal hatta am 1976 M / Abd
al-Majid al-Shinaq. Amman : Lajnat
Tarikh al-Urdun, 1996. $14.00
(U.S.). 698 p. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. On
Syrian-Jordanian relations from
independence to 1976. 
 
 
 @@ 
25-                   LCN: 97965040
 Nadwat Ruwad al-Harakah
al-Maktabiyah fi al-Watan al-Arabi
wa-al-Hadarah al-Islamiyah / Jamiyat
al-Maktabat al-Urduniyah, al-Jamiyah
al-Iraqiyah lil-Maktabat
wa-al-Malumat, Jamiat Amman
al-Ahliyah. Amman : Jamiyat
al-Maktabat al-Urduniyah, 1996.
$17.65 (U.S.). 1 v. (various paging)
; 29 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. Papers from a conference
on Arab librarianship. 
 
 
 @@ 
26-                   LCN: 97965048
 Mustalahat al-tijarah wa-al-iqtisad
wa-al-masarif / Majma al-Lughah
al-Arabiyah al-Urduni. al-Tabah 3.,
mazidah wa-munaqqahah. [Amman] :
al-Majma, 1996. $4.40 (U.S.). 178 p.
; 24 cm. New edition of an
English-Arabic glossary of
commercial, economic and banking
terms. 
 
 
 @@ 
27-                   LCN: 97965050
 Mustalahat al-idhaah wa-al-tilfaz
wa-al-kahruba al-ammah / Majma
al-Lughah al-Arabiyah al-Urduni.
al-Tabah 1. [Amman] : al-Majma,
1996. $4.40 (U.S.). 211 p. ; 24 cm.
English-Arabic glossary of
broadcasting, television, and
general electricity terminology. 
 
 
 @@ 


