From daemon Wed Feb 26 07:20:55 1997
Received: from rs8.loc.gov (rs8.loc.gov [140.147.248.8]) by poe.acc.Virginia.EDU (8.7.6/8.6.6) with ESMTP id HAA177803 for <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>; Wed, 26 Feb 1997 07:20:54 -0500
Received: from localhost (cairo@localhost)
          by rs8.loc.gov (8.8.4/8.8.4) with SMTP
	  id HAA94490; Wed, 26 Feb 1997 07:20:39 -0500
Date: Wed, 26 Feb 1997 07:20:39 -0500 (EST)
From: Cairo <cairo@loc.gov>
To: LC-Participants acquisition Circular list -- British Library <colin.baker@mail.bl.uk>,
        indiana univ lib lib11 <shendren@indiana.edu>,
        univ of virginia lib11b <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>,
        univ of chicago lib13 <mideast-library@uchicago.edu>,
        georgetown univ lib14 <bickettb@gunet.georgetown.edu>,
        univ of washington lib16 <marys@u.washington.edu>,
        new york public lib20 <toddthom@nyplgate.nypl.org>,
        new york univ lib21 <gastonm@elmer1.bobst.nyu.edu>,
        yale lib22 <simon.samoeil@yale.edu>,
        univ of arizona lib23 <midhata@bird.library.arizona.edu>,
        univ of illinois lib24 <naggarwa@uiuc.edu>,
        "portland state univ. lib25" <kern@lib.pdx.edu>,
        temple univ library lib26 <lzein@astro.ocis.temple.edu>,
        "harvard univ. lib3" <mhopper@fas.harvard.edu>,
        "harvard univ. lib3" <mhopper@fas.harvard.edu>,
        "cornell univ. lib35" <ah16@cornell.edu>,
        "McGill Univ. Library lib48" <gacek@lib1.lan.mcgill.ca>,
        columbia lib5 <unlandhe@columbia.edu>,
        washington univ lib50 <Suad-M-Gamal@library.wustl.edu>,
        pennsylvania lib7 <rld@pobox.upenn.edu>,
        New York Public Library <gyoussef@nypl.org>,
        Pat Putney <AP201001@BROWNVM.BROWN.EDU>
Subject: clm97-62
Message-ID: <Pine.A32.3.93.970226072010.166652C-100000@rs8.loc.gov>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
Status: O

                            List97-62
                   [Titles from Saudi Arabia]
 
1-                    LCN: 97965998
 Usaymi, Munirah Hamdan. al-Tamrid
fi al-Mamlakah al-Arabiyah
al-Saudiyah / Munirah Hamdan
al-Usaymi. Jiddah : Mustashfa
al-Malik Fahd bi-Jiddah,
[1994-1995]. $7.60 (U.S.). 126 p. :
ill. ; 22 cm. Cover title. Includes
bibliographical references. On
nursing in Saudi Arabia. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960273644 
 @@ 
2-                    LCN: 97965999
 Anqawi, Fuad Abd al-Hamid.
Makkah..al-Hajj wa-al-tawafah / Fuad
Abd al-Hamid Anqawi. al-Tabah 1.
[Saudi Arabia] : F.A.H. Anqawi,
<1994-    >. $15.20 (U.S.). v. <1  
> : ill. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references.
Historical study of the
administration of the Hajj, with
particular reference to the last 100
years. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960276120 
 @@ 
3-                    LCN: 97966010
 Qaysi, Rashid ibn Muhammad ibn
Sulayman. al-Hadiyah fi sharh
al-Rahbiyah fi ilm al-mawarith /
tasnif Rashid ibn Muhammad ibn
Sulayman al-Qaysi ; itana bi-hi Sad
ibn Abd Allah ibn Sad al-Sadan.
al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad : Dar al-Asimah
lil-Nashr wa-al-Tawzi, 1996. $4.55
(U.S.). 274 p. ; 25 cm. Modern Saudi
commentary on a classic verse
treatise on the Shafiite law of
inheritance. 
 
 
 @@ 
4-                    LCN: 97966011
 Yamani, Muhammad ibn Ismail. Isbal
al-matar ala Qasab al-sukkar /
li-Muhammad ibn Ismail al-Yamani ;
haqqaqahu wa-kharraja nassahu
wa-allaqa alayhi Muhammad Rafiq
al-Athari. al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad :
Maktabat Dar al-Salam lil-Nashr
wa-al-Tawzi, 1996. $6.10 (U.S.). 318
p. ; 22 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. Classic commentary on a
versified treatise on Hadith
sciences. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960740781 
 @@ 
5-                    LCN: 97966012
 Islamic fatawa regarding women :
Shariah rulings given by the Grand
Mufti of Saudi Arabia Sheikh Ibn
Baz, Sheikh Ibn Uthaimin, Sheikh Ibn
Jibreen and others on matters
pertaining to women / compiled by
Muhammad bin Abdul-Aziz al-Musnad ;
translated by Jamaal al-Din M.
Zarabozo. 1st. ed. Riyadh :
Darussalam Publishers &
Distributors, 1996. $7.60 (U.S.).
391 p. ; 22 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960740870 
 @@ 
6-                    LCN: 97966013
 Hulaybi, Ahmad ibn Abd al-Aziz ibn
Muhammad. al-Masuliyah al-khuluqiyah
wa-al-jaza alayha : dirasah
muqaranah / talif Ahmad ibn Abd
al-Aziz ibn Muhammad al-Hulaybi.
al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad : Maktabat
al-Rushd, 1996. $9.10 (U.S.). 588 p.
; 25 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. On moral responsibility
in Islamic law ; revised doctoral
dissertation. 
 
 
 @@ 
7-                    LCN: 97966014
 Masudi, Muhammad ibn Radid.
al-Mutamad min qadim qawl al-Shafii
ala al-jadid / talif Muhammad ibn
Radid al-Masudi. al-Tabah 1.
al-Riyad : Dar Alam al-Kutub, 1996.
$4.55 (U.S.). 168 p. ; 25 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
On the development of al-Shafii
juristic thought. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960775607 
 @@ 
8-                    LCN: 97966015
 Ruhayli, Sulayman. al-Sifarat
al-Islamiyah ila al-Dawlah
al-Bizantiyah : sifarat al-duwal
al-Abbasiyah wa-al-Fatimiyah
wa-al-Umawiyah fi al-Andalus / talif
Sulayman al-Ruhayli. al-Riyad : S.
al-Ruhayli, [1993-1994]. $8.50
(U.S.). 296 p. ; 25 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. Analysis
of the diplomatic exchanges between
the Abbasids, Fatimids, and
Andalusian Omayyads and Byzantium. 
 
 
 @@ 
9-                    LCN: 97966016
 Uthaymin, Muhammad Salih. Kitab
al-ilm / li-Muhammad ibn Salih
al-Uthaymin ; idad Fahd ibn Nasir
ibn Ibrahim al-Sulayman. al-Tabah 1.
al-Riyad : Dar al-Thurayya
lil-Nashr, 1996. $6.10 (U.S.). 308
p. ; 25 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. Treatise on the value of
learning by a leading Saudi cleric,
including his related fatwas. 
 
 
 @@ 
10-                   LCN: 97966017
 Manjur, Ahmad ibn Ali. Sharh
al-Manhaj al-muntakhab ila qawaid
al-madhhab / li-al-Manjur Ahmad ibn
Ali al-Manjur ; dirasah wa-tahqiq
Muhammad al-Shaykh, Muhammad al-Amin
; ishraf Hamad ibn Hammad Abd
al-Aziz al-Hammad. [Saudi Arabia] :
Dar Abd Allah al-Shinqiti, <[19-]-  
 >. $15.20 (U.S.). v. <1   > ; 25
cm. Includes bibliographical
references. Critical edition of a
classic commentary on Maliki law
treatise ; revised doctoral
dissertation. 
 
 
 @@ 
11-                   LCN: 97966018
 Umari, Burayk Muhammad Burayk Abu
Maylah. al-Saraya wa-al-buuth
al-Nabawiyah hawla al-Madinah
wa-Makkah : dirasah naqdiyah
tahliliyah / aaddaha Burayk Muhammad
Burayk Abu Maylah al-Umari. al-Tabah
1. al-Dammam : Dar Ibn al-Jawzi
lil-Nashr wa-al-Tawzi, 1996. $9.10
(U.S.). 364 p. ill. ; 25 cm. (
Rasail jamiiyah ; 7 ) Includes
bibliographical references. Study of
the early Muslim military campaigns
in the Hijaz. 
 
 
 @@ 
12-                   LCN: 97966019
 Qahf, Muhammad Mundhir. Sanadat
al-ijarah wa-al-ayan al-muajjarah /
Mundhir Qahf. al-Tabah 1. Jiddah :
al-Mahad al-Islami lil-Buhuth
wa-al-Tadrib, al-Bank al-Islami
lil-Tanmiyah, 1995. $3.00 (U.S.).
127 p. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. On bonds
and securities in Islamic financial
markets. 
 
 
 @@ 
13-                   LCN: 97966020
 Sallami, Muhammad al-Mukhtar.
al-Qiyas wa-tatbiqatuhu al-muasirah
/ Muhammad Mukhtar al-Sallami.
al-Tabah 1. Jiddah : al-Bank
al-Islami lil-Tanmiyah, al-Mahad
al-Islami lil-Buhuth wa-al-Tadrib,
1995. $3.00 (U.S.). [94] p. ; 24 cm.
( Silsilat Muhadarat al-ulama
al-barizin ; 15 ) Includes
bibliographical references. On the
contemporary application of the
Islamic legal principle of analogy,
by the Tunisian Mufti. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960627543 
 @@ 
14-                   LCN: 97966021
 Ahmad, Abd al-Rahman Yusri.
al-Sinaat al-saghirah fi al-bildan
al-namiyah : tanmiyatuha wa-mashakil
tamwiluha fi utur nuzum wadiyah
wa-Islamiyah / Abd al-Rahman Yusri
Ahmad. al-Tabah 1. Jiddah : al-Bank
al-Islami lil-Tanmiyah, al-Mahad
al-Islami lil-Buhuth wa-al-Tadrib,
1995. $1.50 (U.S.). 92 p. ; 24 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
On the development and funding of
small-scale industries in Muslim
countries. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960627292 
 @@ 
15-                   LCN: 97966022
 Zarqa, Mustafa Ahmad. Aqd
al-istisna wa-mada ahammiyatuhu fi
al-istithmarat al-Islamiyah
al-muasirah / Mustafa Ahmad
al-Zarqa. al-Tabah 1. Jiddah :
al-Mahad al-Islami lil-Buhuth
wa-al-Tadrib, al-Bank al-Islami
lil-Tanmiyah, 1995. $1.50 (U.S.). 53
p. ; 24 cm. ( silsilat Muhadarat
al-ulama al-barizin ; 12 ) Includes
bibliographical references. On a
form of contract in contemporary
Islamic investment law, which allows
payment to be received for a promise
to produce certain goods. 
  


