From daemon Wed Jan 29 09:17:09 1997
Received: from rs8.loc.gov (rs8.loc.gov [140.147.248.8]) by poe.acc.Virginia.EDU (8.7.6/8.6.6) with ESMTP id JAA209416 for <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>; Wed, 29 Jan 1997 09:17:03 -0500
Received: from localhost (cairo@localhost)
          by rs8.loc.gov (8.8.4/8.8.4) with SMTP
	  id JAA05234; Wed, 29 Jan 1997 09:16:31 -0500
Date: Wed, 29 Jan 1997 09:16:31 -0500 (EST)
From: Cairo <cairo@loc.gov>
To: LC-Participants acquisition Circular list -- British Library <colin.baker@mail.bl.uk>,
        indiana univ lib lib11 <shendren@indiana.edu>,
        univ of virginia lib11b <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>,
        univ of chicago lib13 <mideast-library@uchicago.edu>,
        georgetown univ lib14 <bickettb@gunet.georgetown.edu>,
        univ of washington lib16 <marys@u.washington.edu>,
        new york public lib20 <toddthom@nyplgate.nypl.org>,
        new york univ lib21 <gastonm@elmer1.bobst.nyu.edu>,
        yale lib22 <simon.samoeil@yale.edu>,
        univ of arizona lib23 <midhata@bird.library.arizona.edu>,
        univ of illinois lib24 <naggarwa@uiuc.edu>,
        "portland state univ. lib25" <kern@lib.pdx.edu>,
        temple univ library lib26 <lzein@astro.ocis.temple.edu>,
        "cornell univ. lib35" <ah16@cornell.edu>,
        "McGill Univ. Library lib48" <gacek@lib1.lan.mcgill.ca>,
        columbia lib5 <unlandhe@columbia.edu>,
        washington univ lib50 <Suad-M-Gamal@library.wustl.edu>,
        pennsylvania lib7 <rld@pobox.upenn.edu>
Subject: clm97-51
Message-ID: <Pine.A32.3.93.970129091428.117354B-100000@rs8.loc.gov>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
Status: ORf

                            List97-51
                   [Titles from Saudi Arabia]
 
1-                    LCN: 97965980
 Suwayda, Abd al-Rahman ibn Zayd.
Uqaylat al-jabal / Abd al-Rahman ibn
Zayd al-Suwayda. Hail, al-Saudiyah :
al-Nadi al-Adabi bi-Hail, [1995 or
1996]. $6.10 (U.S.). 412 p. ; 20 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
On Arab clans in northern Saudi
Arabia, their customs, travels and
economic life. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960909107 
 @@ 
2-                    LCN: 97965981
 Hamdan, Asim Hamdan Ali. Ashjan
al-Shamiyah : surah adabiyah
li-Makkah al-Mukarramah fi al-asr
al-hadith / talif Asim Hamdan Ali ;
taqdim Muhammad Umar al-Amudi.
al-Tabah 1. Jiddah : Dar Jiddah,
1996. $3.00 (U.S.). 86 p. ; 20 cm.
On cultural life in contemporary
Mecca. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960912221 
 @@ 
3-                    LCN: 97965982
 Al al-Shaykh, Salih ibn Abd al-Aziz
ibn Muhammad. al-Takmil lima fat
takhrijih min Irwa al-ghalil / talif
Salih ibn Abd al-Aziz ibn Muhammad
Al al-Shaykh. al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad :
Dar al-Asimah lil-Nashr wa-al-Tawzi,
1996. $7.60 (U.S.). 216 p. ; 25 cm.
Annotations on the hadiths quoted in
a modern treatise on Hanbali law,
but ignored by the previous editor. 
 
 
 @@ 
4-                    LCN: 97965983
 Abu Alfah, Raid ibn Sabri. Mujam
al-bida : yahtawi ala ma waqaa
lil-musannif mimma qila fihi innahu
bidah / talif Raid ibn Sabri ibn Abi
Alfah. al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad : Dar
al-Asimah lil-Nashr wa-al-Tawzi,
1996. $10.60 (U.S.). 680 p. ; 25 cm.
Dictionary of innovations (bidah) in
Islamic doctrine and practice ;
brief descriptions with references. 
 
 
 @@ 
5-                    LCN: 97965984
 Juday, Nasir ibn Abd al-Rahman ibn
Muhammad. al-Shafaah inda ahl
al-Sunnah wa-al-radd ala
al-mukhalifin fiha / idad Nasir ibn
Abd al-Rahman ibn Muhammad al-Juday.
al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad : Dar Atlas
lil-Nashr wa-al-Tawzi, 1996. $4.85
(U.S.). 171 p. ; 25 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. Modern
Salafi treatise on intercession in
Islam. 
 
 
 @@ 
6-                    LCN: 97965985
 Nabhani, Muhammad ibn Khalifah.
al-Nukhbah al-Nabhaniyah [...] :
sharh al-Manzumah al-Nabhaniyah
[i.e. al-Bayquniyah] / talif
Muhammad ibn Khalifah al-Nabhani ;
tamma al-idad wa-al-tahqiq bi-Markaz
al-Dirasat wa-al-Buhuth bi-Maktabat
Nizar Mustafa al-Baz. al-Tabah 1.
Makkah al-Mukarramah : Maktabat
Nizar Mustafa al-Baz, 1996. $4.55
(U.S.). 184 p. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. Critical
edition of a classic commentary on a
verse treatise on hadith sciences. 
 
 
 @@ 
7-                    LCN: 97965986
 Razi, Abu al-Fadl Abd al-Rahman ibn
Ahmad. Ahadith fi dhamm al-kalam
wa-ahlih / intakhabaha al-Imam abu
al-Fadl al-Muqri min radd Abi Abd
al-Rahman al-Sulami ala ahl al-kalam
; dirasah wa-tahqiq Nasir ibn Abd
al-Rahman ibn Muhammad al-Juday.
l-Tabah 1. al-Riyad : Dar Atlas
lil-Nashr wa-al-Tawzi, 1996. $3.95
(U.S.). 138 p. : ill. ; 25 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
Classic collection of traditions on
the pitfalls associated with the
study of theology (kalam). 
 
 
 @@ 
8-                    LCN: 97965987
 Hawshani, Abd Allah ibn Rashid ibn
Muhammad. Manhaj Shaykh al-Islam Ibn
Taymiyah fi al-dawah ila Allah taala
/ talif Abd Allah ibn Rashid ibn
Muhammad al-Hawshani. al-Tabah 1.
al-Riyad : Markaz al-Dirasat
wa-al-Ilam / Dar Ishbiliya, 1996.
$14.60 (U.S.). 2 vol. ; 24 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
Analysis of a classic scholar's
methodology in dawah. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960910075 
 @@ 
9-                    LCN: 97965988
 Tai, Abu al-Futuh Muhammad ibn
Muhammad ibn Ali. Kitab al-arbain fi
irshad al-sairin ila manazil
al-muttaqin : al-Arbaun al-Taiyah /
li-Abi al-Futuh Muhammad ibn
Muhammad ibn Ali al-Tai ; tahqiq Ali
Husayn al-Bawwab. al-Tabah 1.
al-Riyad : Maktabat al-Maarif
lil-Nashr wa-al-Tawzi, 1996. $6.10
(U.S.). 251 p. : ill. ; 25 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
Classic collection of forty hadiths,
with commentary, on the virtues of
piety. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960804550 
 @@ 
10-                   LCN: 97965989
 Jammaili, Abd al-Ghani ibn Abd
al-Wahid. Kitab al-Amr bi-al-maruf
wa-al-nahy an al-munkar / li-Taqi
al-Din Abi Muhammad Abd al-Ghani ibn
Abd al-Wahid ibn Ali al-Maqdisi
al-Jammaili al-Hanbali ; tahqiq
wa-taliq wa-dirasah Falih ibn
Muhammad ibn Falih al-Saghir.
al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad : Dar al-Asimah
lil-Nashr wa-al-Tawzi, 1996. $6.10
(U.S.). 303 p. : ill. ; 25 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
Critical edition of a classic
collection of hadiths on giving
moral guidance. 
 
 
 @@ 
11-                   LCN: 97965990
 Ibn Taymiyah, Ahmad ibn Abd
al-Halim. Jawab ahl al-ilm
wa-al-iman bi-tahqiq ma akhbara
bi-hi Rasul al-Rahman min anna (Qul
huwa Allah ahad) tadil thulth
al-Quran / talif Ahmad ibn Taymiyah
; haqqaqahu wa-kharraja ahadithahu
wa-allaqa alayhi Abu Umar al-Nadwi,
Abd al-Aziz ibn Fathi ibn al-Sayyid
Nada. al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad : Dar
al-Qasim, 1996. $4.55 (U.S.). 256 p.
; 25 cm. New edition of a classic
treatise on the excellence of Surah
112 on the unity of God. 
 
 
 @@ 
12-                   LCN: 97965991
 Mutamar al-Zakah. al-Itar
al-muassasi lil-zakah : abaduhu
wa-madaminuh : waqai al-mutamar
al-thalith lil-zakah al-munaqid fi
Kuwalalambur bi-Maliziya fi
al-fatrah min 12-15 Shawwal 1410H
al-muwafiq (7-10 Mayu 1990M) /
tahrir Bu Allam ibn Jalali, Muhammad
al-Alami. al-Tabah 1. Jiddah :
al-Mahad al-Islami lil-Buhuth
wa-al-Tadrib, al-Bank al-Islami
lil-Tanmiyah, 1995. $12.10 (U.S.).
665 p. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references.
Conference proceedings on the
"Institutional framework of Zakah"
in the contemporary Muslim World. 
 

                  ISBN: 9960627500 
 @@ 
13-                   LCN: 97965992
 Umayr, Ali Muhammad. Munaqarat
suhufiyah / Ali Muhammad al-Umayr.
[Saudi Arabia] : Nadi Jazan
al-Adabi, [1995-1996]. $6.10 (U.S.).
214 p. ; 21 cm. Arabic essays. 
 

                  ISBN: 996062210X 
 @@ 
14-                   LCN: 97965993
 Suwayyan, Ahmad Abd al-Rahman.
al-Imam Abd Allah ibn al-Zubayr
al-Humaydi wa-kitabuhu al-Musnad /
talif Ahmad ibn Abd al-Rahman
al-Suwayyan. al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad :
Dar al-Miraj al-Dawliyah lil-Nashr,
1996. $3.00 (U.S.). 157 p. ; 24 cm.
(Min tarajim alam al-Islam )
Includes bibliographical references.
On the life and work of an early
Shafiite hadith scholar. 
 
 
 @@ 
15-                   LCN: 97965994
 Hajjaji, Hasan ibn Ali ibn Hasan.
al-Fikr al-tarbawi inda Ibn Rajab
al-Hanbali / talif Hasan ibn Ali ibn
Hasan al-Hajjaji. al-Tabah 1. Jiddah
: Dar al-Andalus al-Khadra lil-Nashr
wa-al-Tawzi, 1996. $6.10 (U.S.). 317
p. ; 24 cm. (Silsilat al-Tarbiyah
al-Islamiyah ; 2 ) Includes
bibliographical references. Analysis
of the educational views of a
classic Hanbalite scholar. 
 
 
 @@ 
16-                   LCN: 97965995
 Ibn al-Nahhas, Abu Muhammad Abd
al-Rahman ibn Umar. Ruyat Allah
tabaraka wa-taala / li-Abi Muhammad
Abd al-Rahman ibn Umar al-maruf
bi-Ibn al-Nahhas ; tahqiq wa-taliq
Ala al-Din Ali Rida. al-Tabah 1.
al-Riyad : Dar al-Miraj al-Dawliyah
lil-Nashr, 1996. $3.00 (U.S.). 156
p. : ill. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. Critical
edition of a classic tract on the
proofs that God will be visible to
his creation, with a lengthy
introduction. 
 
 
 @@ 
17-                   LCN: 97965996
 Imari, Fadl ibn Ammar. Hammad
al-Rawiyah bayna al-wahm
wa-al-haqiqah / Fadl ibn Ammar
al-Imari. al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad :
Maktabat al-Tawbah, 1996. $9.10
(U.S.). 347 p. ; 24 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. Study of
the obscure life of an client poet
of the Abbasid period. 
 
 
 @@ 
18-                   LCN: 97965997
 Uqaylan, Ahmad Farah. Abtal
wa-mawaqif / Ahmad Farah Uqaylan.
al-Tabah 1. al-Riyad : Dar al-Miraj
al-Dawliyah lil-Nashr, 1995. $12.10
(U.S.). 470 p. ; 25 cm. Biographical
notices of selected persons of early
Islam. 
 
 
 @@ 


