From: "Library of Congress - Cairo Office" <cairo@loc.gov>
To: <cairo@loc.gov>
Subject: List 2002 - 127 (West Bank)
Date: Sun, 6 Jan 2002 16:03:47 +0200

List 2002 - 127 (West Bank)

1- LCN: 00300636
 
 Touval, Saadia. Mediation in the Arab-Israeli conflict 
during and after the Cold War / Saadia Touval. 
Jerusalem, Israel: Leonard Davis Institute, 1999. $6.00 
(U.S.). 19 p. ; 24 cm. ( Davis Occasional Papers : no. 
74 )  
 
 
 @@ 
2- LCN: 99460734
 
 Caplan, Neil. The limitations of third-party 
intervention in the Arab-Israeli conflict : lessons from 
selected episodes, 1949-1956 / Neil Caplan. Jerusalem : 
The Leonard Davis Institute for International Relations, 
The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, 1999. $6.00 (U.S.). 
28 p. ; 24 cm. ( Davis occasional papers ; no. 70 ) 
Includes bibliographical references. 
 
 
 @@ 
3- LCN: 00695498
 
 Rejwan, Nissim. Arab aims and Israeli attitudes : a 
critique of Yehoshafat Harkabi's prognosis of the 
Arab-Israeli conflict / Nissim Rejwan. Jerusalem, Israel 
: Leonard Davis Institute for International Relations, 
Hebrew University of Jerusalem, 2000. $6.00 (U.S.). 79 
p. ; 24 cm. ( Davis occasional papers ; no. 77 ) 
Includes bibliographic references. 
 
 
 @@ 
4- LCN: 98180978
 
 Rejwan, Nissim. Elie Kedourie and his work : an interim 
appraisal / Nissim Rejwan. Jerusalem : The Leonard Davis 
Institute, [1997] $6.00 (U.S.). 89 p. ; 24 cm. ( Davis 
occasional papers ; no. 56 ) "September 1997"--T.p. 
verso. Includes bibliographical references. 
 
 
 @@ 
5- LCN: 99461359
 
 Druckman, Daniel. The role of the leader in 
international relations : challenging person-centered 
analyses of political behavior / Daniel Druckman. 
Jerusalem : Leonard Davis Institute for International 
Relations, Hebrew University of Jerusalem, 1999. $6.00 
(U.S.). 24 p. ; 24 cm. ( Davis occasional papers ; no. 
69 ) Includes bibliographical references (p. 22-24) 
 
 
 @@ 
6- LCN: 99461333
 
 Zartman, I. William. Negotiation as a mechanism for 
resolution in the Arab-Israeli conflict / I. William 
Zartman. Jerusalem : The Leonard Davis Institute for 
International Relations, The Hebrew University of 
Jerusalem, 1999. $6.00 (U.S.). 20 p. ; 24 cm. ( Davis 
occasional papers ; no. 72 ) Includes bibliographical 
references. 
 
 
 @@ 
7- LCN: 99460733
 
 Bar-Siman-Tov, Yaacov. Uncertainty and risk-taking in 
peacemaking : the Israeli experience / Yaacov 
Bar-Siman-Tov. Jerusalem : The Leonard Davis Institute 
for International Relations, The Hebrew University of 
Jerusalem, 1999. $6.00 (U.S.). 24 p. ; 24 cm. ( Davis 
occasional papers ; no. 71 ) Includes bibliographical 
references. 
 
 
 @@ 
8- LCN: 99460792
 
 Stein, Janice Gross. The widening gyre of negotiation : 
from management to resolution in the Arab-Israeli 
conflict / Janice Gross Stein. Jerusalem: The Leonard 
Davis Institute for International Relations, The Hebrew 
University of Jerusalem : Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung, 
1999. $6.00 (U.S.). 30 p. ; 24 cm. ( Davis occasional 
papers ; no. 68 ) Includes bibliographical references. 
 
 
 @@ 
9- LCN: 00300635
 
 Miller, Benjamin, The global sources of regional 
transitions from war to peace : the case of the Middle 
East / Benjamin Miller. Jerusalem, Israel : Leonard 
Davis Institute for International Relations, Hebrew 
University of Jerusalem, 1999. $6.00 (U.S.). 39 p. ; 24 
cm. ( Davis occasional papers ; no. 75 ) "Part of a 
series published by the Davis Institute on Peacemaking 
and negotiations in the Arab-Israeli conflict based on 
the November 1998 Jerusalem conference bearing the same 
name"--T.p. verso. Includes bibliographical references 
(p. 30-39). 
 
 
 @@ 
10- LCN: 99461335
 
 Susser, Asher. The Jordanian-Israeli peace negotiations 
: the geographical rationale of a bilateral relationship 
/ Asher Susser. Jerusalem : The Leonard Davis Institute 
for International Relations, The Hebrew University of 
Jerusalem, 1999. $6.00 (U.S.). 39 p. ; 24 cm. ( Davis 
occasional papers ; no. 73 ) Includes bibliographical 
references. 
 
 
 @@
