From cairo@loc.gov Thu Apr 12 05:59:56 2001
From: "Library of Congress-Cairo office" <cairo@loc.gov>
Subject: List 2001 - 103 (Oman)
Date: Thu, 12 Apr 2001 12:01:22 +0200

List 2001 - 103 (Oman)

1- LCN: 00402205
 Farisi, Sayf ibn Muhammad ibn Sulayman ibn Sayf. 
al-Barakah fi sharh al-Qasidah al-nahwiyah 
al-mushtarakah : al-nazm lil-Shaykh al-Allamah Muhammad 
ibn Hamad ibn Salim al-Zamili wa-al-Shaykh Said ibn 
Khalaf ibn Muhammad al-Kharusi / al-sharih Sayf ibn 
Muhammad ibn Sulayman ibn Sayf al-Farisi. al-Tabah 1. 
[Oman] : Maktab al-Mustashar al-Khass li-Jalalat 
al-Sultan lil-Shuun al-Diniyah wa-al-Tarikhiyah, 1999. 
$8.20 (U.S.) 211 p. ; 24 cm. Commentaries on al-Qasidah 
al-nahwiyah al-mushtarakah; Arabic grammar; Arabic 
poetry; history and criticism. 
 
 @@ 
2- LCN: 00402031
 Bahlani, Yahya ibn Muhammad. Bawariq al-ayyam / Yahya 
ibn Muhammad al-Bahlani. al-Tabah 1. [Oman] : Maktabat 
Abi Muslim, 1999. $9.85 (U.S.) 231 p. ; 24 cm. Oman; 
history. 
 
 @@ 
3- LCN: 00402092
 Butish, Ibrahim al-Qadiri. al-Tawasul al-hadari bayna 
Uman wa-bilad al-Maghrib : dirasat fi majalat 
al-thaqafah wa-al-tijarah wa-al-mujtama : mundhu 
al-fath al-Islami li-Afriqiya hatta al-qarn al-thamin 
al-Hijri / Ibrahim al-Qadiri Butish. Masqat : Jamiat 
al-Sultan Qabus, Wahdat al-Buhuth wa-al-Dirasat 
al-Umaniyah, [2000] $9.85 (U.S.) 146 p. ; 24 cm. Oman; 
relations; Morocco; social and intellectual life; 
Islamic Empire; history. 
 
 @@ 
4- LCN: 00402019
 Adawi, Khamis ibn Rashid ibn Suayyid, al-Waqiiyah 
wa-al-wahdah al-Islamiyah : al-fikr wa-al-tatbiq / 
Khamis ibn Rashid ibn Suayyid al-Adawi. al-Tabah 1. 
Bahla [Oman] : Maktabat al-Ghubayra, 2000. $3.30 (U.S.) 
125 p. ; 19 cm. Islamic countries; Islamic unity; 
Islam; 20th century; history. 
 
 @@ 
5- LCN: 00402043
 Nadawat shahr Ramadan al-mubarak li-am 1414 H / 
Ghurfat Tijarat wa-Sinaat Uman. [Muscat] : al-Ghurfah, 
[1994] $4.95 (U.S.)90 p. ; 24 cm. Economics; Oman; 
congresses. 
 
 @@ 
6- LCN: 00402051
 Nadawat shahr Ramadan al-mubarak li-am 1415 H / 
Ghurfat Tijarat wa-Sinaat Uman. [Muscat] : al-Ghurfah, 
[1995] $4.95 (U.S.) 128 p. ; 24 cm. Economics; Oman; 
congresses. 
 
 @@ 
7- LCN: 00402063
 Kharusi, Sayf ibn Nasir. al-Irshad fi sharh muhimmat 
al-itiqad / talif Sayf ibn Nasir ibn Sulayman ibn Ali 
al-Kharusi. al-Tabah 1. [Oman] : Maktab al-Mustashar 
al-Khass li-Jalalat al-Sultan lil-Shuun al-Diniyah 
wa-al-Tarikhiyah, 1999. $19.70 (U.S.) 2 v. ; 24 cm. 
Sufism; Islam; doctrines. 
 
 @@ 
8- LCN: 00402075
 Sanawi, Abd Allah ibn Sultan ibn Rashid al-Mahruqi. 
Tuhfat al-Wadud fi tarjamat wa-asilat al-Shaykh 
al-Muarrikh Sayf ibn Hammud / bi-qalam Abd Allah ibn 
Sultan ibn Rashid al-Mahruqi al-Sanawi. Misbah al-zulam 
fi hall ma ushkila wa-inbaham / li-Sayf ibn Hammud ibn 
Hamid al-Bitashi. al-Tabah 1. [Oman] : Maktab 
al-Mustashar al-Khass li-Jalalat al-Sultan lil-Shuun 
al-Diniyah wa-al-Tarikhiyah, 2000. $4.95 (U.S.) 103 p. 
; 24 cm. Bitashi, Sayf ibn Hammud ibn Hamid; Muslim 
scholars; Oman; fatwas; biography. 
 
 @@ 
9- LCN: 00402071
 MLCMN+ 
 Khasibi, Abu Muadh Murshid ibn Muhammad ibn Rashid. 
Nasim al-asayil fi ahl Samail : malhamah shiriyah / 
nazm Murshid ibn Muhammad ibn Rashid al-Khasibi "Abu 
Muadh". al-Tabah 1. Masqat : M.b.M.b.R. al-Khasibi, 
1998. $3.30 (U.S.) 58 p. ; 24 cm. Samail (Oman); poems. 
 
 @@ 
10- LCN: 00402159
 MLCMN+ 
 Nawfali, Said ibn Abd Allah ibn Ghabish. Diwan wahy 
al-qarihah / Said ibn Abd Allah ibn Ghabish al-Nawfali 
; tansiq wa-ikhraj Muhammad ibn Amir ibn Sayf 
al-Aysari, Said ibn Muhammad ibn Hamdun al-Tawqi. 
al-Tabah 1. Rawy, Saltanat Uman : Tasjilat Mashariq 
al-Anwar, 2000. $9.05 (U.S.) 172 p. ; 24 cm. Poetry. 
 
 @@ 
11- LCN: 00402163
 Bu Saidi, Salih ibn Ahmad ibn Sayf, Riwayat al-Hadith 
inda al-Ibadiyah : dirasah muqaranah / Salih ibn Ahmad 
ibn Sayf al-Busaidi. al-Tabah 1. [Oman : s.n.], 2000. 
$11.50 (U.S.) 280 p. ; 24 cm. Ibadites; Hadith; 
authorities; MA thesis. 
 
 @@ 
12- LCN: 00402187
 Jahdami, Zayid ibn Sulayman ibn Abd Allah. Hayat Uman 
al-fikriyah : hatta nihayat al-Imamah al-ula, 134 H / 
talif Zayid ibn Sulayman ibn Abd Allah al-Jahdami. 
[Oman] : Z.b.S.b.A.A. al-Jahdami, 1998. $11.50 (U.S.) 
290 p. ; 24 cm. Oman; intellectual life; history; to 
752. 
 
 @@ 
13- LCN: 00402195
 Masudi, Zahran ibn Khamis ibn Muhammad. al-Imam Ibn 
Barakah al-Sulaymi al-Bahlawi, t. 362 H-972 M, 
wa-dawruhu al-fiqhi fi al-madrasah al-Ibadiyah min 
khilal kitabihi al-Jami : dirasah muqaranah / Zahran 
ibn Khamis ibn Muhammad al-Masudi. al-Tabah 1. [Oman : 
s.n.], 2000. $14.80 (U.S.) 516 p. ; 24 cm. Bahlawi, Ibn 
Barakah al-Sulaymi; contributions in Islamic fatwas; 
Ibadites; Islamic law; interpretation and construction. 
 
 @@ 
14- LCN: 00402199
 MLCMN+ 
 Adi, Khalifah ibn Sayf ibn Salim ibn Ali. Diwan 
nafahat al-azhar fi nazm al-ashar : tajsid nahdat Uman 
fi zill raidiha al-Sultan Qabus ibn Said al-muazzam / 
li-Khalifah ibn Sayf ibn Salim ibn Ali al-Adi ; 
al-murajaah Muhammad Abd al-Muhsin al-Khuli. al-Tabah 
1. Saltanat Uman : Kh.b.S.b.S.b.A. al-Adi, 2000. $13.15 
(U.S.) 446 p. ; 24 cm. Oman; modern history; poems. 
 
 @@ 
15- LCN: 00402203
 Ibri : tarikh wa-hadarah / idad wa-isdar al-Lajnah 
al-Ilamiyah li-Ihtifalat Wilayat Ibri bi-al-Id 
al-Watani al-Tasi wa-al-Ishrin al-Majid "Nufimbir, 1999 
M". al-Tabah 1. Saltanat Uman : al-Lajnah, 1999. $12.30 
(U.S.) 135 p. ; 27 cm. Ibri (Oman); history. 
 
 @@
