From daemon Mon Dec  2 09:29:21 1996
Received: from rs8.loc.gov (rs8.loc.gov [140.147.248.8]) by poe.acc.Virginia.EDU (8.7.6/8.6.6) with SMTP id JAA203443 for <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>; Mon, 2 Dec 1996 09:28:41 -0500
Received: from localhost (cairo@localhost) by rs8.loc.gov (8.6.12/8.6.12) with SMTP id JAA16786; Mon, 2 Dec 1996 09:25:26 -0500
Date: Mon, 2 Dec 1996 09:25:26 -0500 (EST)
From: Cairo <cairo@loc.gov>
To: LC-Participants acquisition Circular list -- British Library <colin.baker@mail.bl.uk>,
        indiana univ lib lib11 <shendren@indiana.edu>,
        univ of verginia lib11b <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>,
        univ of chicago lib13 <mideast-library@uchicago.edu>,
        georgetown univ lib14 <bickettb@gunet.georgetown.edu>,
        univ of washington lib16 <marys@u.washington.edu>,
        new york public lib20 <toddthom@nyplgate.nypl.org>,
        yale lib22 <samoeil@yalevm.ycc.yale.edu>,
        univ of arizona lib23 <midhata@bird.library.arizona.edu>,
        univ of illinois lib24 <naggarwa@uiuc.edu>,
        "portland state univ. lib25" <kern@lib.pdx.edu>,
        temple univ library lib26 <lzein@astro.ocis.temple.edu>,
        "harvard univ. lib3" <mhopper@fas.harvard.edu>,
        "cornell univ. lib35" <ah16@cornell.edu>,
        "McGill Univ. Library lib48" <gacek@lib1.lan.mcgill.ca>,
        columbia lib5 <unlandhe@columbia.edu>,
        washington univ lib50 <Suad-M-Gamal@library.wustl.edu>,
        pennsylvania lib7 <rld@pobox.upenn.edu>
Subject: clm97-15
Message-ID: <Pine.A32.3.93.961202092454.47264B-100000@rs8.loc.gov>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
Status: O

                            List97-15
                      [Titles from Lebanon]

1-                    LCN: 96963565
 Filastin wa-al-siyasah al-Amrikiah
min Wilsun ila Klintun / tahrir
Mishal Sulayman. al-Tabah 1. Bayrut
: Markaz Dirasat al-Wihdah
al-Arabiyah, 1996. EGL 40.00 362 p.
; 24 cm. Includes bibliographical
references and index. On American
policy towards palestine from Wilson
to Clinton. 
 
 
 @@ 
2-                    LCN: 96963566
 Saidan, Ahmad Abd al-Razzaq
Khalifah. al-Qanun wa-al-siyadah
wa-imtiyazat al-naft muqaranatan
bi-al-shariah al-Islamiyah / Ahmad
Abd al-Razaq Khalifah al-Saidan.
al-Tabah 1. Bayrut : Markaz Dirasat
al-Wahdah al-Arabiyah, 1996 EGL
60.00 400 p. 24 cm. ( Silsilat
Utruhat al-dukturah ; 29 ) Includes
bibliographical references and
index. Comparative study of
concessions in the petroleum
industry in secular and Islamic low;
translation of a doctoral
dissertation. 
 
 
 @@ 
3-                    LCN: 96963569
 al-Mudarirsi, Hadi. Lilla yakunu
sidam hadarat : al-tariq al-thalith
bayna al-Islam wa-al-Gharb / Hadi
al-Mudarrisi. al-Tabah 1. Bayrut :
Dar al-Jadid, 1996. $5.50 (U.S) 174
p. ; 22 cm. On avoiding a clash of
cultures between Islam & the West. 
 

                  ISBN: 2910355551 
 @@ 
4-                    LCN: 96963570
 Suwayd, Muhammad. Ya fuadi : sirah
sinimaiyah an salat Bayrut
al-rahilah / Muhammad Suwayd. Bayrut
: Dar al-Nahar, 1996. $9.50 (U.S.)
153 p. : ill. ; 22 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. History
of Beirut's cinemas before the civil
war. 
 
 
 @@ 
5-                    LCN: 96963576
 al-Alaqat al-Arabiyah- al-Iraniyah
al-ittijahat al-rahinah wa-afaq
al-mustaqbal : buhuth wa munaqashat
al-nadwah al-fikriyah allati
nazzamaha Markaz Dirasat al-Wahdah
al-Arabiyah bi-al-taawin maa jamiat
Qatar / Abd al-Aziz al-Duri [et al.]
al-Tabah 1. Bayrut : al-Markaz,
1996. EGL 100 1006 p. ; 25 cm.
Includes bibliographical references
and index. Proceedings of a seminar
on current and future trends in
Arab-Iranian relations 
 
 
 @@ 
6-                    LCN: 96963580
 Abd al-Daim, Abd Allah. Israil wa
hawiyatuha al-mumazzaqah / Abd Allah
Abd al-Daim. al-Tabah 1. Bayrut :
Markaz Dirasat al-Wahdah
al-Arabiyah, 1996. EGL 12.00 140 p.
17 cm. ( Silsilat al-Thaqafah
al-qawmiyah ; v 30 ) Study of
contradictions which lie at the
heart of Judaism, Zionism, and the
establishment of the state of
Israel. 
 
 
 @@ 
7-                    LCN: 96963581
 Abu Bakr al-Zubaydi, Muhammad ibn
al-Hasan, Mukhtasar al-Ayn / li-Abi
Bakr Muhammad ibn al-Hasan ibn Abd
Allah al-Zubaydi al-Andalusi ;
qaddama lahu wa-haqqaqahu Nur Hamid
al-Shadhili. al-Tabah 1. Bayrut :
Alam al-Kutub, 1996. $28.00 (U.S.) 2
vol. ; 24.5 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. Classic
dictionary arranged in phonetic,
rather than alphabetic, order of
letters begining with gutherals and
ending with labials. 
 
 
 @@ 
8-                    LCN: 96963591
 Ibn Rashiq al-Qayrawani, al-Hasan.
Diwan Ibn Rashiq al-Qayrawani /
sharh Salah al-Din al-Huari, Huda
Awdah. al-Tabah 1. Bayrut : Dar
al-Jil, 1996. 216 p. ; 25 cm.
Includes bibliographical references
and indexes. Critical edition of the
diwan of an 11th. century poet. 
 

                 ISBN: $6.50 (U.S) 
 @@ 
9-                    LCN: 96963595
 Khatib, Rabi Anwar. Bunduqiyat
al-hibr / Anwar Rabi Khatib.
[Lebanon] : Sharikat al-Haqiqah
lil-Shafah wa-al-Ilam, 1996. $9.00
(U.S) 349 p. : ill. ; 25 cm.
Collection of articles on current
Lebanese, Arab and international
issues. 
 
 
 @@ 
10-                   LCN: 96963606
 Karmi, Mari ibn Yusuf. Dalil
al-talib li-nayl al-matalib /
li-Mari ibn Yusuf al-Karmi
al-Hanbali ; uniya bi-hi Sultan ibn
Abd al-Rahman al-Id. al-Tabah 1.
Bayrut : Mussasat al-Risalah, 1996.
$13.50 (U.S) 608 p. ; 25 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
Classic handbook of Hanbalite law,
arranged by the editor in tabular
format. 
 
 
 @@ 
11-                   LCN: 96963609
 Diwan al-asatir Sumar wa-Akad
wa-Ashur : al-Kitab al-awwal itni ma
al-qalb anashid al-hubb al-sumariyah
/naqalahu ila al-Arabiyah wa-alaq
alayh Qasim al-Shawwaf ; qadama
la-hu wa-ashrafa alayhi Adunis.
al-Tabah 1. Bayrut : Dar al-Saqi,
1996. EGL 28.00 249 p. ; 24 cm.
Includes bibliographical references.
Study of Sumerian love poems,
including translations into Arabic. 
 

                  ISBN: 1855165562 
 @@ 
12-                   LCN: 96963610
 Salamah, Ziyad Ahmad. Atfal
al-anabib bayna al-ilm wa-al-shariah
/ Ziyad Ahmad Salamah ; taqdim Abd
al-Aziz al-Khayyat. al-Tabah 1.
Bayrut : al-Dar al-Arabiyah lil-Ulum
: Dar al-Bayariq, 1996. $7.00 (U.S)
279 p. ; 25 cm. Includes
bibliographical references. On in
vitro fertilization from the
prespective of Islamic Law. 
 
 
 @@ 
13-                   LCN: 96963614
 Amin, Hasan. al-Watan al-Islami
bayna al-Salajiqah wa-al-Salibiyin /
cHasan al-Amin. al-Tabah 1. Bayrut :
al-Ghadir, 1996. $5.00 (U.S.) 317 p.
; 22 cm. Includes bibliographical
references. On the Seljuks and their
relationship with the Crusaders. 
 
 
 @@ 
14-                   LCN: 96964821
 Bisharah, Mishil. Udaba min watani
/ Mishil Bisharah. al-Tabah 1.
Salmiyah : Dar al-Ghadir lil-Tibaah
wa-al-Nashr wa-al-Tawzi , 1995- .
L.S 400.00 v. <1 > : ill. ; 24 cm.
Studies, with biographical notices,
of eight modern Syrian literature. 
 
 
 @@ 
15-                   LCN: 96964822
 Fadil, Walid. Znubiya : masrahiyah
/ Walid Fadil. al-Tabah 1. Dimashq :
Ittihad al-Kuttab al-Arab, 1995. 107
p. ; 20 cm. Play set in Syria during
the Roman era. 
 

                  ISBN: L.S 110.00 
 @@ 
16-                   LCN: 96964823
 Adwan, Mamduh. al-ghul Jamal basha
al-safah : masrahiyah fi faslain /
Mamduh Adwan. al-Tabah 1. Dimashq :
Ittihad al-Kuttab al-Arab, 1996. L.S
175.00 334 p. ; 20 cm. ( Safar
Burlik ; 2. ) Two-act play set
during the last bloody period of
Ottoman rule. 
 
 
 @@ 


