From cairo@loc.gov Sun Apr 11 03:28:43 1999
From: "Library of Congress, Cairo" <cairo@loc.gov>
Subject: List 99-85
Date: Sun, 11 Apr 1999 09:27:37 +0200

	List99-85
[Title from West Bank] 
1-	LCN: 98957942
 Shabanah, Lu'ayy 'Abd al-Hafiz. Dirasat tatwir al-khidmat 
al-ta'hiliyah 'ala al-mustawa al-takhassusi al-mutawassit fi 
muhafazat al-Diffah al-Gharbiyah wa-Ghazzah : taqdir hajat al-afrad 
al-mu'aqin min al-khidmat al-ta'hiliyah 'ala al-mustawa 
al-takhassusi al-mutawassit wa-mash al-khidmat allati tuqaddimuha 
mu'assasat al-ta'hil 'ala hadha al-mustawa / a'adda al-taqrir 
al-niha'i Lu'ayy Shabanah, Khalid al-Nabris. Ram Allah : al-Sultah 
al-Filastiniyah, Wizarat al-Shu'un al-Ijtima'iyah wa-Da'irat 
al-Ihsa' al-Markaziyah al- Filastiniyah, [1997] $15.94 (U.S.) 3 v. 
: ill. ; 30 cm. al-Taqrir 1. Muhafazat wasat al-Diffah al-Gharbiyah 
-- al-taqrir 2. Muhafazat janub al-Diffah al-Gharbiyah -- al-taqrir 
3. Muhafazat Ghazzah. Includes bibliographical references. 
Handicapped; rehabilitation; rehabilitation services; West Bank; 
Gaza Strip. 
 
 
 @@
[Titles from Egypt] 
2-	LCN: 98961189
 Mu'tamar al-Dawli lil-Hadarah al-Andalusiyah Takriman li-Emilio 
Garcia Gomez Buhuth al-Mu'tamar al-Dawli al-Rabi' lil-Hadarah 
al-Andalusiyah Takriman lil-'Allamah al-Isbani Imiliyu Jarthiya 
Jumith : khilala al-fatrah min 3-5 Mars 1998 / yunazzimahu Qism 
al-Lughah al-Isbaniyah wa-Adabiha bi-al-ishtirak ma'a al-aqsam 
al-'ilmiyah al-ma'niyah bi-al-Kulliyah. al-Qahirah : Jami'at 
al-Qahirah, Kulliyat al-Adab, 1998. $10.21 (U.S.) 878 p. : ill. ; 
24 cm. Includes bibliographical references. Spain; civilization; 
history; 711-1516; Islamic influences; Muslims; Arabic literature; 
history and criticism; congresses. 
 
 
 @@
3-	LCN: 98961062
 Zaki Mubarak. [Asmar wa-al-ahadith ] al-Asmar wa-al-ahadith ; Hubb 
Ibn Abi Rabi'ah wa-shi'ruh / Zaki Mubarak ; tadqiq wa-dabt Idarat 
al-Nashr al-'Arabi ; qaddama la-huma bi-dirasah Muhammad Yunus 'Abd 
al-'Al. al-Tab'ah 1. al-Duqqi, al-Jizah : al-Sharikah al-Misriyah 
al-'Alamiyah lil-Nashr, Lunjman, 1998. $5.25 (U.S.) 317 p. : port. 
; 24 cm. ( al-Safwah ) Includes bibliographical references. Arabic 
literature; history and criticism; Arabic language; rhetoric. 
 

	ISBN: 9771601482 
 @@
[Title from Lebanon]  
4-	LCN: 98963610
 Tuwayni, Ghassan, 1982 'am al-ijtiyah : Lubnan wa-al-Quds 
wa-al-Julan fi Majlis al-Amn, al-Qarar 508 wa-al-Qarar 520 / 
haqqaqahu wa-qaddama la-hu Faris Sasin. al-Tab'ah 1. Bayrut : Dar 
al-Nahar, 1998. $18.00 (U.S.) 475 p. ; 24 cm. ( Min mahfuzat 
Ghassan Tuwayni ) Includes bibliographical references and index. 
Diplomats; politicians; Lebannon; correspondence; United Nations, 
Security Council; resolutions. 

	ISBN: 2842890825 
 @@ 
[Title from UAE]
5-	LCN: 98967422
 Nadwat Kitabat al-Rahhalah wa-al-Mab'uthin 'an Mintaqat al-Khalij 
al-'Arabi 'abra al-'Usur Nadwat Kitabat al-Rahhalah wa-al-Mab'uthin 
'an Mintaqat al-Khalij al-'Arabi 'abra al-'Usur : 'ard, naqd, 
tahlil, 20-22 Dhu al-Qa'dah 1416 H, 8-10 Abril 1996 M : al-waqa'i' 
wa-al-buhuth allati ulqiyat fiha / i'dad wa-taqdim 'Ubayd 'Ali ibn 
Batti. Dubayy : Markaz Jum'ah al-Majid lil-Thaqafah wa-al-Turath, 
[1997?] $11.67 (U.S.) 458 p.; 23 cm. Persian Gulf Region; 
description and travel; history; congresses. 
 
 
 @@ 
[Title from Morocco]
6-	LCN: 99902434
 DT515.65 .B45 1996 
 Bello, Muhammad, Infaq al-maysur fi tarikh bilad al-Takrur / 
Muhammad Billu ibn 'Uthman Fudi ; tahqiq Bahijah al-Shadhili. 
al-Rabat : al-Mamlakah al-Maghribiyah, Jami'at Muhammad al-Khamis, 
Ma'had al-Dirasat al-Ifriqiyah, 1996. $11.10 (U.S.) 370 p. 24 cm. 
(Manshurat Ma'had al-Dirasat al-Ifriqiyah. Silsilat Nusus 
wa-watha'iq ; 5 ) Includes bibliographical references (p. 357-365) 
and indexes. Fulani Empire; Sokoto State (Nigeria); history. 
 

	ISBN: 9981370061 
 @@
