From root Tue Dec  2 05:58:23 1997
Received: from rs8.loc.gov (rs8.loc.gov [140.147.248.8]) by poe.acc.Virginia.EDU (8.8.5/8.6.6) with ESMTP id FAA84886 for <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>; Tue, 2 Dec 1997 05:58:22 -0500
Received: from localhost (cairo@localhost)
          by rs8.loc.gov (8.8.4/8.8.4) with SMTP
	  id FAA80728; Tue, 2 Dec 1997 05:57:59 -0500
Date: Tue, 2 Dec 1997 05:57:59 -0500 (EST)
From: Cairo <cairo@loc.gov>
To: LC-Participants acquisition Circular list -- British Library <colin.baker@mail.bl.uk>,
        Abd al-Ahad <ap201221@brownvm.brown.edu>,
        indiana univ lib lib11 <shendren@indiana.edu>,
        univ of virginia lib11b <pm9k@poe.acc.virginia.edu>,
        univ of chicago lib13 <mideast-library@uchicago.edu>,
        georgetown univ lib14 <bickettb@gunet.georgetown.edu>,
        univ of washington lib16 <marys@u.washington.edu>,
        new york public lib20 <toddthom@nyplgate.nypl.org>,
        new york univ lib21 <gastonm@elmer1.bobst.nyu.edu>,
        yale lib22 <simon.samoeil@yale.edu>,
        univ of arizona lib23 <midhata@bird.library.arizona.edu>,
        univ of illinois lib24 <cabousso@uiuc.edu>,
        "portland state univ. lib25" <kern@lib.pdx.edu>,
        temple univ library lib26 <lzein@astro.ocis.temple.edu>,
        "harvard univ. lib3" <mhopper@fas.harvard.edu>,
        "harvard univ. lib3" <mhopper@fas.harvard.edu>,
        "cornell univ. lib35" <ah16@cornell.edu>,
        "McGill Univ. Library lib48" <gacek@lib1.lan.mcgill.ca>,
        columbia lib5 <unlandhe@columbia.edu>,
        washington univ lib50 <Suad-M-Gamal@library.wustl.edu>,
        pennsylvania lib7 <rld@pobox.upenn.edu>,
        New York Public Library <gyoussef@nypl.org>,
        UAEU Library <libref@library.uaeu.ac.ae>,
        UTAH <RMAKAR@alexandria.lib.utah.edu>
Subject: List98-8
Message-ID: <Pine.A32.3.93.971202055417.82506A-100000@rs8.loc.gov>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
Status: ORf

List98-8
Titles from West Bank


1-	LCN: 97957716
 Ghazzawi, 'Izzat. Letters underway / 'Izzat Ghazzawi ; translated 
from the Arabic by Marieke Bosman. Birzeit, Palestine : 
Mediterranean Studies Unit, Birzeit University, 1996. 126 p. ; 22 
cm.   
  
 
 @@ 
2-	LCN: 97957847
 Abu Libdah, Hasan. al-Waqi' al-ihsa'i fi al-aradi al-muhtallah 
wa-al-tahaddiyat al-mustaqbaliyah / Hasan Abu Libdah. translated 
from the Arabic by Marieke Bosman. Nabulus : Markaz al-Buhuth 
wa-al-Dirasat al-Filstiniyah, 1994. 23 p. ; 24 cm.  Report of a 
brainstorming session on the current status of statistics gathering 
in the Occupied Territories.  
  
 
 @@ 
3-	LCN: 97957849
  al-Sihafah wa-al-suhufiyun bayna subul raf' mustawa al-mihnah 
wa-tashkil niqabah fa'ilah / Nabil al-Khatib ... [et al.]. 
al-Tab'ah 1. [West Bank] : Wizarat al-I'lam al-Filastiniyah, 1995. 
65 p. ; 24 cm.  Proceedings of a seminar on raising professional 
standards in Palestinian journalism.  
  
 
 @@ 
4-	LCN: 97957850
 Nadwat Haqq Iqamat al-Filastini fi al-Quds, Nadwat Haqq Iqamat 
al-Filastini fi al-Quds / Khalil al-Tafkaji ... [et al.]. al-Tab'ah 
1. [West Bank] : Wizarat al-I'lam al-Filastiniyah, 1995. 51 p. ; 24 
cm.  Proceedings of a seminar on the Palestinian right of abode in 
Jerusalem.  
  
 
 @@ 
5-	LCN: 97957851
 Nadwat al-Mawqif al-Filastini fi Muwajahat Siyasat al-Musadarah 
wa-al-Istitan, Nadwat al-Mawqif al-Filastini fi Muwajahat Siyasat 
al-Musadarah wa-al-Istitan "al-Quds ka-namudhaj / Talab al-Sani' 
... [et al.]. al-Tab'ah 1. [West Bank] : Wizarat al-I'lam 
al-Filastiniyah, 1995. 31 p. ; 23 cm.  Proceedings of a Palestinian 
seminar on confronting the Israeli policy on land seizure & 
settlements.  
  
 
 @@ 
6-	LCN: 97957852
 Nadwat Khalil al-Rahman, al-Waqi' wa-al-Tahaddiyat, Nadwat Khalil 
al-Rahman : al-waqi' wa-al-tahaddiyat / Yasir 'Abd Rabbu ... [et 
al.]. al-Tab'ah 1. [West Bank] : Wizarat al-I'lam al-Filastiniyah, 
1995. 51 p. ; 24 cm.  Proceedings of a 1995 seminar on the status 
of  Hebron & the challenges faced. 
  
 
 @@ 
7-	LCN: 97957853
 Nadwat Mashru' Qanun al-Ahzab, Nadwat Mashru' Qanun al-Ahzab : 
awraq muqaddamah min al-fasa'il wa-al-ahzab al-siyasiyah 
wa-al-shakhsiyat al-Filastiniyah wa-diwan al-fatwa wa-al-tashri'. 
al-Tab'ah 1. [West Bank] : Wizarat al-I'lam al-Filastiniyah, 1995. 
180 p. ; 24 cm.  Draft Palestinian law on political parties, 
seminar proceedings.  
  
 
 @@ 
8-	LCN: 97957854
 al-Intikhabat wa-al-qanun al-intikhabi al-Filstini : qira'at 
siyasiyah wa-qanuniyah / sharaka fiha mumaththilu al-fasa'il 
wa-al-ahzab al-siyasiyah al-Filastiniyah wa-lafif min al-akadimiyin 
wa-al-qanuniyin wa-al-shakhsiyat al-wataniyah al-Filastiniyah 
al-mustaqillah. al-Tab'ah 1. [West Bank] : Wizarat al-I'lam 
al-Filastiniyah, 1995. 135 p. ; 24 cm. Political & legal studies on 
the Palestinian elections and election law.  
  
 
 @@
Titles from Lebanon
9- 
	LCN: 97963267
 Duwaydar, Hani Muhammad. al-Qanun al-tijari al-Lubnani / Hani 
Muhammad Duwaydar. al-Tab'ah 1. Bayrut : Dar al-Nahdah al-'Arabiyah 
lil-Tiba'ah wa-al-Nashr, 1995. 2 v. ; 25 cm.  Includes 
bibliographical references. Study of Lebanese commercial & company 
law, including contracts, bankruptcy, and shares.  
  
 
 @@ 
10-	LCN: 97963319
 Khuri, Sami. Une histoire du Liban a travers les archives des 
jesuites, 1863-1873 / Sami Kuri. Beyrouth : Dar al-Machreq editeurs 
sarl, 1996. $18.00 (U.S.) 479 p. ; 24 cm.  Includes bibliographical 
references (p. 477-479).  
 

	ISBN: 2721470221 
 @@ 
11-	LCN: 97963321
 Archives imperiales autrichiennes relatives au Liban et au 
Proche-Orient, 1793-1918 / documents recueillis par M. Fares Eid ; 
ont collabore a ce volume Jean-Guy Sarkis, Elias Kattar, Abdallah 
Mallah, Tanios Noujaim. Kaslik, Liban : l'Institut d'histoire de 
l'universite Saint-Esprit de Kaslik, 1997. $28.00 (U.S.) v. <1 > : 
ill. ; 25 cm.  Includes bibliographical references (p. [495]-499) 
and indexes.  
  
 
 @@
Title from Tunisia
 
12-	LCN: 97968107
 Bin Salim, 'Umar. Kuttab min Tunis : tarajim / 'Umar bin Salim. 
[Tunis] : Dar Sahar lil-Nashr, 1995. 255 p. ; 22 cm.  Includes 
bibliographical references. Biographical dictionary of 20th century 
Tunisian writers.  
  
 
 @@ 
Titles from Morocco

13-	LCN: 97968758
 Discours et interviews de sa majeste le Roi Hassan II, Mars 
1995-Mars 1996 / edite par le Ministere de la Communication. 
[Rabat] : le Ministere, 1996. 257 p. : ill. ; 24 cm.   
  
 
 @@ 
 
14-	LCN: 97968764
 Badawi, 'Abd al-Qadir. Difa'an 'an al-masrah al-Maghribi / ta'lif 
'Abd al-Qadir al-Badawi. al-Tab'ah 1. [Morocco] : Manshurat 
al-Badawi, 1996. 356 p. : ill. ; 22 cm. Arabic drama; Morocco; 
history & criticism.  
 

	ISBN: 9981163201 
 @@


