From root Thu Apr 30 08:01:58 1998
From: Library of Congress <cairo@loc.gov>
Subject: List98-103
Date: Thu, 30 Apr 1998 13:56:54 +0200

[Titles from West Bank]

1-	LCN: 98957749
 Hamarneh, Mustafa B. al-Alaqat al-Urduniyah 
al-Filastiniyah: ila ayn? : arbaat sinariyuhat 
lil-mustaqbal / Mustafa al-Hamarinah, Khalil al-Shiqaqi, 
Ruzmari Hulis. Nabulus : Dairat al-Tahlil al-Istiratiji, 
Markaz al-Buhuth wa-al-Dirasat al-Filastiniyah, 1997. 
$3.50 (U.S.) 134 p. : ill., maps ; 24 cm. Includes 
bibliographical references. The question of 
Jordanian-Palestinian relations; politics and government. 
 
 
 @@ 
2-	LCN: 98957750
 al-Talim al-Filstini : tarikhan, waqian wa-darurat 
al-mustaqbal : abhath. al-Tabah 1. Bir Zayt : Jamiat 
Bir Zayt, 1997. $7.00 (U.S.) 551 p. ; 24 cm. Includes 
bibliographical references. Education; Palestine; 
history; congresses, 1996. 
 
 
 @@ 
3-	LCN: 98957751
 Ishkaliyat taaththur al-tahawwul al-dimuqrati fi 
al-watan al-Arabi. al-Tabah 1. Ram Allah : Muwatin, 
al-Muassasah al-Filastiniyah li-Dirasat al-Dimuqratiyah, 
1997. $10.75 (U.S.) 444 p. ; 24 cm. Includes 
bibliographical references. Impediments to democratic 
change; Arab world; congresses. 
 
 
 @@ 
4-	LCN: 98957752
 Ruwaydi, Ahmad. Taqyid al-wujud al-Arabi wa-taziz 
al-tawajud al-Yahudi fi al-Quds / Ahmad Ruwaydi. al-Quds 
: Markaz al-Quds lil-Nisa, 1997. $3.50 (U.S.) 71, 63 p. 
: maps ; 24 cm. Includes bibliographical references. The 
Israeli restrictions on Arab presence and promotion of 
Jewish presence in Jerusalem. 
 
 
 @@ 
5-	LCN: 98957753
 Qutub, Ishaq Y. Majalis al-ahya fi al-Quds al-Arabiyah 
wa-dawruha fi al-tanmiyah al-hadariyah wa-al-rifiyah 
al-Filastiniyah / Ishaq Yaqub al-Qutb. al-Tabah 1. 
al-Quds : al-Jamiyah al-Filastiniyah al-Akadimiyah 
lil-Shuun al-Dawliyah, 1997. $7.00 (U.S.) 314 p. : ill. 
; 21 cm. Includes bibliographical references (p. 
309-314). Municipality of Arab Jerusalem, urban and rural 
development; Palestine. 
 
 
 @@ 
6-	LCN: 98957758
 al-Istithmar wa-al-uqud al-tijariyah al-dawliyah / 
bahithun qanuniyun. Bir Zayt, Filastin : Markaz 
al-Huquq, Jamiat Bir Zayt, 1997. $9.00 (U.S.) 116 p. ; 
24 cm. (Dirasat qanuniyah ) Includes bibliographical 
references. Investment and international commercial 
contracts; laws; congresses; West Bank. 
 
 
 @@ 
7-	LCN: 98957759
 Damin, Ruwan. al-Tahjir fi dhakirat al-tufulah : 
shahadat Filastiniyah hayyah / Ruwan al-Damin, Dima 
al-Damin. al-Tabah 1. [West Bank?] : al-Lajnah 
al-Wataniyah al-Filastiniyah lil-Tarbiyah wa-al-Thaqafah 
wa-al-Ulum, 1997. $5.50 (U.S.) 191 p. : ill. ; 24 cm. 
Children of 1948 war; Palestine; history; memories and 
eyewitness. 
 
 
 @@ 
8-	LCN: 98957760
 Salah al-Din, Ayid Ahmad Ayid. al-Siyahah fi madinat 
al-Quds / Ayid Ahmad Ayid Salah al-Din ; ishraf Nasim 
Faris Barham. al-Quds : Markaz al-Quds lil-Abhath, 1997. 
$3.50 (U.S.) 100 p. : maps ; 24 cm. Includes 
bibliographical references (p. 94-98). Tourism in 
Jerusalem; dissertation. 
 
 
 @@
[Titles from Saudi Arabia] 
9-	LCN: 98966093
 Ammar, Abd Allah ibn Ibrahim. Waqi al-ittisalat 
al-kitabiyah fi al-ajhizah al-hukumiyah : dirasah 
maydaniyah muqaranah / talif Abd Allah ibn Ibrahim 
al-Ammar, Abd Allah ibn Nasir al-Askar, Awad ibn 
Said al-Asmari. [Riyadh?] : al-Mamlakah al-Arabiyah 
al-Saudiyah, Mahad al-Idarah al-Ammah, al-Idarah 
al-Ammah lil-Buhuth, 1995. $6.75 (U.S.) 193 p. : ill. ; 
24 cm. Includes bibliographical references (p. 121-123). 
Routing of correspondences; government offices. 
 

	ISBN: 996014013X 
 @@ 
10-	LCN: 98966094
 Askar, Hilal ibn Muhammad. Muawwiqat al-sikirtariyah 
al-faalah fi al-ajhizah al-hukumiyah bi-al-Mamlakah 
al-Arabiyah al-Saudiyah : dirasah maydaniyah / idad 
Hilal ibn Muhammad al-Askar, Ajlan ibn Muhammad 
al-Shahri. [Riyadh?] : al-Mamlakah al-Arabiyah 
al-Saudiyah, Mahad al-Idarah al-Ammah, al-Idarah 
al-Ammah lil-Buhuth, 1416 [1995 or 1996] $8.00 (U.S.) 
257 p. ; 24 cm. Includes bibliographical references (p. 
211-217). Secretarial duties in governmental offices; 
impediments; Saudi Arabia. 
 

	ISBN: 9960140199 
 @@ 
11-	LCN: 98966106
 Dirasat fi al-adab al-hadith min muhadarat al-nadi. 
al-Tabah 1. [al-Madinah] : Nadi al-Madinah al-Munawwarah 
al-Adabi, <1996-    > $9.50 (U.S.) v. <3   > ; 24 cm. 
(Matbuat Nadi al-Madinah al-Munawwarah al-Adabi ; raqm 
al-kitab 102 ) Includes bibliographical references. On 
Arabic literature; critical and analytical treatises. 
 

	ISBN: 9960618048 
 @@ 
12-	LCN: 98966107
 Khamis, Muhammad ibn Abd al-Rahman. al-Majmu al-mufid 
fi naqd al-quburiyah wa-nusrat al-tawhid / talif wa-jam 
Muhammad ibn Abd al-Rahman al-Khamis. al-Tabah 1. 
al-Riyad : Dar Atlas lil-Nashr wa-al-Tawzi, 1996. $8.00 
(U.S.) 622 p. ; 25 cm. Includes bibliographical 
references. Islam; customs and practices; Islamic 
shrines, Muslim Saints. 
 
 
 @@ 
13-	LCN: 98966108
 Lawh, Muhammad Ahmad. Jinayat al-tawil al-fasid ala 
al-aqidah al-Islamiyah / talif Muhammad Ahmad Lawh. 
al-Tabah 1. al-Khubar, al-Mamlakah al-Arabiyah 
al-Saudiyah : Dar Ibn Affan lil-Nashr wa-al-Tawzi, 
1997. $9.50 (U.S.) 608 p. ; 25 cm. (Rasail jamiiyah ; 5 
) Includes bibliographical references (p. 566-601). The 
imperfection of interpretation; Islamic doctrines. 
 
 
 @@ 
14-	LCN: 98966109
 Nayjari, Abduh Burima. Dawr al-tarjamah al-diniyah fi 
al-dawah ila Allah taala / talif Abi Abd al-Salam 
Abduh Burima al-Nayjari ; taqdim Wajih Hamad Abd 
al-Rahman. al-Tabah 1. al-Madinah : Dar al-Bukhari, 
1996. $3.75 (U.S.) 164 p. ; 24 cm. Includes 
bibliographical references (p. [156]-160). The role of 
Koranic interlinear translations in Islamic call. 
 
 
 @@ 
15-	LCN: 98966114
 Najjar, Imad Abd al-Hamid, al-Iddia al-amm 
wa-al-muhakamah al-jinaiyah wa-tatbiquhuma fi 
al-Mamlakah al-Arabiyah al-Saudiyah / talif Imad Abd 
al-Hamid al-Najjar. [Riyadh?] : al-Mamlakah al-Arabiyah 
al-Saudiyah, Mahad al-Idarah al-Ammah, al-Idarah 
al-Ammah lil-Buhuth, 1997. $9.50 (U.S.) 484 p. ; 24 cm. 
Includes bibliographical references (p. 457-471). 
Criminal prosecution; criminal procedures; Saudi Arabia. 
 

	ISBN: 9960140245 
 @@ 
16-	LCN: 98966115
 Qumayhah, Jabir. Athar wasail al-ilam al-maqruah 
wa-al-masmuah wa-al-mariyah fi al-lughah al-Arabiyah / 
Jabir Qumayhah. [al-Madinah] : Nadi al-Madinah 
al-Munawwarah al-Adabi, 1418 [1997 or 1998] $5.50 (U.S.) 
186 p. ; 24 cm. (Matbuat Nadi al-Madinah al-Munawwarah 
al-Adabi ; raqm al-kitab 105 ) Includes bibliographical 
references (p. 177-183). Mass media and its impact on 
Arabic language. 
 

	ISBN: 9960618226 
 @@ 
17-	LCN: 98966145
 Sabuni, Abu Uthman Ismail ibn Abd al-Rahman. Aqidat 
al-salaf wa-ashab al-hadith, aw, al-Risalah fi itiqad 
ahl al-Sunnah wa-ashab al-Hadith wa-al-aimmah / talif 
Abi Uthman Ismail ibn Abd al-Rahman al-Sabuni ; 
dirasat wa-tahqiq Nasir ibn Abd al-Rahman ibn Muhammad 
al-Juday. al-Nashrah 1. al-Riyad : Dar al-Asimah 
lil-Nashr wa-al-Tawzi, 1415 [1994 or 1995] $6.75 (U.S.) 
392 p. ; 25 cm. Includes bibliographical references (p. 
331-347) and indexes. A classic work on Islam; doctrines; 
Sunnah; early works to 1800; dissertation. 
 
 
 @@
