<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
<html>
<head>
  <title>CONSALD minutes, draft, 22 March 2007, Cambridge, Massachusetts</title>
  <link rev="made" href="mailto:pm9k@virginia.edu">
  <meta name="author" content="Philip McEldowney">
  <meta name="description" content="Consald minutes, draft minutes 22
March 2007, Cambridge, Massachusetts, Committee on South Asia Libraries and
Documentation, Adnan Malik, Project updates, Revision of the
constitution, Omar Khalidi and Ophelia Celine, Cooperative Cataloging, 
Cooperative Collection, Round Robin, Information on South Asia Libraries, 
digital, microfilm">
  <meta name="keywords" content="Consald minutes, draft minutes 22
March 2007, Cambridge, Massachusetts, Committee on South Asia Libraries and
Documentation, Adnan Malik, Project updates, Revision of the
constitution, Omar Khalidi and Ophelia Celine, Cooperative Cataloging, 
Cooperative Collection, Round Robin, Information on South Asia Libraries, 
digital, microfilm">

</head>

<body bgcolor="#FFFFFF" text="#000000" link="#0000FF" vlink="#800080" alink="#FF0000">

<a name=top></a>

<table align=center width=92%>
  <tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <center><a href="http://www.lib.virginia.edu/area-studies/SouthAsia/Lib/consald.html">
	  <img alt="Committee on South Asian Libraries and Documentation"
src="../im/consald1.gif" border="0"></a><br>
      
      <p><font size=+1><b>
        <a href=http://www.lib.virginia.edu/area-studies/SouthAsia/Lib/minutes.html>Minutes</a>
        of the Meeting Spring 2007</b></font><br>
        <b><font size=+1>Annual Meeting of the
        <a href=http://www.aasianst.org/ target=_blank>Association of Asian
        Studies</a></font><br>
        Thursday March 22nd 2007 1-5 pm<br>
        Spofford Room, Building 1, Room 236<br>
        Civil and Environmental Engineering Department<br>
        Massachusetts Institute of Technology<br>
        Cambridge, Massachusetts<br>
        Submitted by Adnan Malik</b><br>
        [Please send revisions and corrections <br />
		to Adnan Malik at amalik@library.berkeley.edu <br />
		with a copy to Philip McEldowney at pm9k@virginia.edu]
      </p>
      </center>
	  
      <blockquote>
        <center><font size=-1> <b> 1. <a href=#attend>Attendees</a> 2.
        <a href=#intro>Introductions</a> 3. <a href=#report>Report of the Chair
         and Treasurer's Report</a> 4. <a href=#minutes>Review of Minutes</a>
        5. <a href=#projects>Project Overviews and Updates</a><br>
        6. <a href=#election>Elections</a> 7. <a href=#presentation>Presentation
        by Omar Khalidi and Ophelia Celine </a> 8.
        <a href=#revision>Discussion and Vote on Revisions to CONSALD byelaws
        III, IV, and V</a>&nbsp;  9. <a href=#coopcoll>Cooperative Collection
        Development</a> 10. <a href=#coopcat>Cooperative Cataloging</a> 11.
        <a href=#sac>SAC Meeting Report</a> 12. <a href=#round>Round Robin</a>
        </b></font></center>
      </blockquote>
      
	  <hr>
      
	  <p>
        The meeting started at 12:55 pm
      </p>
      
	  <a name=attend></a>
      <p>
        <font size=+1><b>1. Attendees:</b></font><br>
        Cassie Adcock (Chicago), Deepa Banerjee (Washington), Bindu Bhatt
        (Columbia), Bronwen Bledsoe (Cornell), Tim Bryson (Emory), Merry
        Burlingham (UT-Austen), Ophelia Celine (MIT), Rajwant Chilana
        (Illinois-Urbana-Champaign), James Gentner (LC-DC), Alan Grosenheider
        (Hawaii), Michael Grossman (Harvard), Lauren Hartley (Columbia),
        Zbigniew Kantorosinski (LC-DC), Omar Khalidi (MIT), Aruna Magier (BAS),
        David Magier (Columbia), Avinash Maheshwary (Duke), Adnan Malik (UC
        Berkeley), Philip McEldowney (Virginia), Carol Mitchell (LC-Islu), Laila
        Mulgaokar (LC-Delhi), David Nelson (Penn), Liladhar Pendse (UCLA), Mary
        Rader (Wisconsin), Sarbjit Kaur Randhawa (UBC, Vancouver), James Simon
        (CRL), Andrea Singer (Indiana), Greek Singh (Syracuse), Allen Thrasher
        (LC-DC), Sunita Vaze (NYPL), Samuel Wright (Maryland)
      </p>
	  
      <a name=intro></a>
      <p>
        <font size=+1><b>2. Introductions:</b> </font><br>
        The new and old members introduced themselves.<br>
        Omar Khalidi welcomed attendees to MIT and briefly introduced the
        institutions resources for the study of Islamic architecture.
      </p>
      
	  <a name=report></a>
      <p>
        <font size=+1><b>3. Report of the Chair &amp; Treasurer's Report:</b>:
        </font><br>
        Bronwen reported for the year and acknowledged the contribution of the
        new members to the mentoring and cooperative projects proposals, and for
        efforts to make information more freely available.<br>
        She pre-empted the treasurer's report and mentioned that the account
        balance was the same since the last meeting (US$ 707.90). She suggested
        that this should change and some sort of dues should be introduced.
      </p>
      
	  <a name=minutes></a>
      <p>
        <font size=+1><b>4. Minutes:</b>:
        </font><a href=http://www.lib.virginia.edu/area-studies/SouthAsia/Lib/meet/200610minutesdraft.html target=_blank>
        Minutes from the previous meeting (October 19 2006 Madison)</a> were approved
        with the following amendments:<br>
        1. Bronwen is at Cornell, not Chicago.<br>
        2. Frances Pritchett's name should be spelled correctly.<br>
        3. Lisa Mitchell was hired by Penn
      </p>
      
	  <a name=projects></a>
	  <p><a href=#top><img align=right alt="Back to the top" src="../im/top20.gif" 
	  border=0 height=20 width=39></a>
      <font size=+1><b>5. Project Overviews and Updates:</b>:</font><br>
        <ol>
          <li>
            <b>CC:AAM update / Alan Grosenheider</b><br>
            Alan taking over from David Nelson on the committee. Alan invited
            the group to comment on the report presented at ALA mid-winter at
            their URL. The list-serve will be made public and a working group
            will be established for each script and, working with CONSALD will
            order how to enroll scripts and how they will be filed in the
            catalogue. Need to diversify library workplace by recruiting more
            cataloguers who know scripts. James Gentner said that the LC policy
            on this issue is stated on the website. Right now they are not doing
            anything besides Arabic/Hebrew and CJK. OCLC has gone ahead with
            Bengali, Devanagri, Tamil and seven more scripts are on the way. It
            is still good for CONSALD to suggest to CC:AAM the order in which
            the scripts should go in. OCLC and other libraries are also doing
            it. David Nelson has letter drafted and will put it up to start
            conversation.<br>
            &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Deepa asked if there was a list-serve
            where cataloguing questions can be posted. David Nelson suggested
            setting up a discussion group. Others suggested the CONSALD website.
            It was agreed to carry forward the conversation on the CONSALD list
            to make a decision before June and if needed a new list-serve will
            be generated.
          </li>
      
	      <li>
            <b>JSTOR update / Mary Rader for Don Johnson</b><br>
            A few years ago JSTOR requested to get more South Asia related
            material for JSTOR. In 2005 JSTOR added Social Scientist and invited
            EPW. By March 2nd Sankhya and Social Scientist released to JSTOR and
            the invitation to EPW is still there. Have added Royal Asiatic
            Society Journal to the list. Don Johnson wants them to have a
            separate South Asia catalogue. If we want other publications added
            we can take it up with JSTOR.
          </li>
		  
          <li>
            <b>BAS update, Unicode conversion / Aruna Magier</b><br>
            Indexing project: Fast track list never updated even though Aruna
            gave CONSALD the list a while back. Since then some have seized.
            Have included the Journal of Bhutan Studies (also available online).
            Aruna welcomes suggestions to add to the fast track list. Merry
            asked about filling in gaps in the journals already on the list.
            Aruna replied that they are already trying to do that. Aruna also
            indexes edited volumes about South Asia.<br>
            &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<b>Unicode in BAS:</b> BAS is a
            publication of AAS. BAS has an advisory committee on which David
            Magier represents South Asia. The current chair is Frank Conlon, a
            South Asia historian. So South Asia is well represented and it is a
            good time to push for Unicode in BAS. It allows all data bases
            uniform searchability. If BAS does not have it then federated
            searches will ignore BAS. Unicode also allows for diacritics and you
            can get indexing in vernacular languages. We do not know when or if
            BAS will start indexing vernacular publications. Unicode is not an
            enhancement but a requirement now.<br>
            &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Frank Conlon wrote to Bronwen to get
            support from CONSALD to enhance the proposal.<br>
            &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Bronwen informed the group that he was
            looking for a CONSALDS resolution to get Unicode. There was also the
            question of who gets contracted to do it. She proposed a resolution:
            Unicode is something BAS should have. The resolution was carried
            almost unanimously. Tim Bryson was worried about its implementation,
            as Emory and other institutions are finding difficulties. Mary Rader
            recommended established data case vendors like EBSCO to take on
            cost. The AAS board has not looked at this option. Tim, Merry and
            Adnan agreed to form a draft resolution. There was unanimous support
            for the principal of having Unicode but need to resolve the
            procedures of how to implement it.
          </li>
          
		  <li>
            <b>CSAL Library surveys / Sam Wright</b><br>
            71 libraries and archives were surveyed in East and South India,
            Nepal and Bangladesh from 2002 onwards. The object was to document
            existing libraries and archives and describe their collections in
            order to help initial collaboration projects. The survey was funded
            by CAORC, but there are no guarantees for future funding. Hence,
            contributions by members are welcome.
          </li>
          
<li><b> SAUC developments, TICFIA update / Jim Nye</b><br> James Simon
gave the updates on behalf of Jim Nye who was not present. <br />

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- DSAL has added two new collections of
cartographic resources. These are the 1909 and 1931 editions of the
atlas volume of the Imperial Gazetteer of India.  These volumes comprise
more than 130 plates representing society and culture in South Asia at
the beginning of the twentieth century. These complement the Historical
Atlas of South Asia by Joseph Schwartzberg announced at the last CONSALD
meeting. <br />

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- DSAL continues to work towards
digitizing the sound recordings from the Linguistic Survey of India
(negotiations with the British Library continue). Simon presented a
sample audio file. DSAL will host both the sound recordings as well as
the accompanying transcriptions and text of the Linguistic Survey of
India.  <br />

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- The South Asia Union Catalogue (SAUC) is
still in rapid development.<br />

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- The Digital Dictionaries of South Asia
(DDS) announces three new Perso-Arabic dictionaries up and running.

          </li>
        </ol>
		
        <a name=election></a><a href=#top>
        <img align=right alt="Back to the top" src="../im/top20.gif" border=0 height=20 width=39></a>
        <p>
          <font size=+1><b>6. Elections:</b></font><br>
          Elections were held and Tim Bryson and Andrea Singer were elected as
          new members of the executive committee.
        </p>
        
		<a name=presentation></a>
        <p>
          <font size=+1><b>7. Presentation by Omar Khalidi &amp; Ophelia Celine:
          </b></font><br>
          Ophelia started the presentation by giving an introduction to Archnet,
          a virtual community of architects at MIT. One does not need to log in
          to the Archnet web site to use its digital library. Its content
          acquisition consists of donations and non-direct digital
          contributions. Then Omar gave a presentation on the Hyderabad
          Architectural Project. Hyderabad was chosen because its historic core
          is still intact and in use. Omar had two requests, firstly, to spread
          the word about Archnet. Secondly, to let students and faculty who are
          interested in collaborating know that they are welcome. Archnet will
          soon have a new phase, Archnet II, that will also have digitized maps
          of Hyderabad.
        </p>
        
		<a name=revision></a>
        <p>
          <font size=+1><b>8. Discussion and Vote on Revisions to CONSALD
          byelaws III, IV, and V: </b></font><br>
          <p>
            Mary Rader oversaw the voting on the revision to the byelaws. She
            explained the proposed changes. Carol thanked Don and Mary for
            working on it. The vote was carried out, and the results were: yes
            (adopt proposed wording) for III, no (wish to retain as is) for IV,
            and yes (extend tenure length to three years) for V.
          </p>
        
		  <a name=coopcoll></a>
          <p>
            <font size=+1><b>9. Cooperative Collection Development / Mary Rader:
            </b></font><br>
            Mary gave a summary of the discussion at the previous meeting in
            Madison for those not present there, when the Latin American model
            was discussed. A group was formed at the last meeting that is
            collecting data. Mary will put up a full report as well as a survey
            on the web.
          </p>
        
		  <a name=coopcat></a>
          <p>
            <font size=+1><b>10. Cooperative Cataloging / Adnan
            Malik:</b></font><br>
            Adnan Malik opened the discussion on ways in which various libraries
            can coordinate their cataloging activities in order to share their
            skills and strengths. David Magier suggesting outsourcing to South
            Asia and then paying for it cooperatively, and Avinash liked the
            idea. Mary brought up the question of gift collections and said that
            Michigan and Chicago had a model of exchanging Rajasthani and Tamil
            donations through t.p. etc. Bindu suggested that we share
            information on what are our strengths. Mary offered to add fields to
            her survey on cooperative collection development to find out
            language expertise at various libraries. Philip suggested that the
            data will have to be updated regularly as it changes. Andrea
            requested that questions about monographs/serials also be added.
            David also suggested that various levels of cataloging be
            considered. Alan recommended that we should pay attention to
            cataloging issues in developing new South Asia libraries.
          </p>
        
		  <a name=sac></a>
          <p>
            <font size=+1><b>11. SAC Meeting Report / David Magier:
            </b></font><br>
            David was able to come directly from the SAC meeting and join us to
            give a brief summary. Some of the main points of the SAC meeting
            were:
        
		    <ol>
              <li>
                In June 2011 AAS will hold a joint meeting with ICAS either in
                Seoul or another East Asian city. This will not be the annual
                meeting but an extra one.
              </li>
        
		      <li>
                In June 2011 AAS will hold a joint meeting with ICAS either in
                Seoul or another AAS has improved its web site. There is a new
                SAC page with a link to CONSALD.
              </li>
        
		      <li>
                In June 2011 AAS will hold a joint meeting with ICAS either in
                Seoul or another SASA / ASPAC will organize a conference in
                southern California. A misquote about the position of South Asia
                in AAS led to a discussion on the place of South Asia at AAS in
                the meeting.
              </li>
        
		      <li>
                In June 2011 AAS will hold a joint meeting with ICAS either in
                Seoul or another here was discussion about Unicode in BAS.
              </li>
        
		      <li>
                In June 2011 AAS will hold a joint meeting with ICAS either in
                Seoul or another AAS decided to provide projectors etc.,
                regularly from next year on for panels only, but no computers or
                internet connections. SAC has argued that they want to join
                other area groups and push AAS to extend this library groups as
                well. Maybe ALL can send a note.
              </li>
            </ol>
        
		    <a name=round></a>
            <p>
              <a href=#top><img align=right alt="Back to the top" src="../im/top20.gif" border=0 height=20 width=39></a>
              <p>
                <font size=+1><b>9. Round Robin:</b></font>
              </p>
        
		       <ul>
                <p><b>
                  Michael Grossman (Harvard):</b>  Michael works for the Mid East
                  collection at Harvard and now is also in charge of the
                  Perso-Arabic portion of the South Asia collection.                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Omar Khalidi (MIT):</b> Omar is in charge of the Agha Khan Project
                  South Asia Archive library.
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Lauren Hartley (Columbia):</b> Lauren is in charge of the Tibetan
                  library at Columbia.
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Mary Rader (Wisconsin):</b> Wisconsin is developing strength in
                  the field of South Asian law. Index to the guide to South
                  Asian periodicals is being uploaded.
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Bindu Bhatt (Columbia):</b> Umrao Jan Ada has been digitized.
                  Christopher Sackler's glossary to Umrao Jan Ada will also be
                  digitized along with the works of Ibn Battuta and Bernier.
                  Happy to say the backlog is almost gone. There have been new
                  faculty hires.
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Avinash Maheshwary (Duke):</b> Several new buildings added to
                  campus. The library has also been expanded. South Asia library
                  moved to new building. Finally switched from Dewey to LC.
                  Sumati Ramaswamy of Michigan might be coming over.
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Gurnek Singh (Syracuse):</b> Syracuse got Title VI funding for
                  next four years, along with Cornell. Gurnek has completed 35
                  years.
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Liladhar Pendse (UCLA):</b> New South Asia center on campus under
                  Sanjay Subrahmanyam. Restarting vernacular collections.
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Sunita Vaze (NYPL):</b> Sortstaffed because of retirements. NYPL
                  has not committed to the Google Project which is why Microsoft
                  is pitching.
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Cassie Adcock (Chicago):</b> The South Asia collection has a new
                  site page.
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Allen Thrasher (LC-DC):</b> Acquisition budget the same as 2007
                  budget has not been passed. No cuts so far. Moving large
                  portions of belle letters to Fort Mead as well as South Asian
                  serials. Will create online serial records for the latter.
                  Cataloging lost more people to retirements, four in last year.
                  Sam Wright helping with cataloging manuscripts. Chief of Asia
                  Division leaving in Feb 2008. Getting more help from Friends
                  Society. Liladhar given a grant to come to LC DC.
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Tim Bryson (Emory):</b> Hired the Dalai Lama as faculty- more of a
                  PR thing. Emerging Tibetan program.
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  James Simon (CRL):</b> CRL continues
		  its development of digital delivery of resources for
		  scholars. CRL is also exploring terms and models for
		  large-scale digitization of its foreign news
		  collections. The purchase proposal program for 2007
		  included "Curzon India and Empire Pt 1: the papers of
		  Lord Curzon 1859-1925" and "East India Company Factory
		  Records: China and Japan"
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Merry Burlingham (UT-Austen):</b> 
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Andrea Singer (Indiana):</b> 
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Zbigniew Kantorosinski (LC-DC):</b> 
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  James Gentner (LC-DC):</b> 
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Alan Grosenheider (Hawaii):</b> 
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Philip McEldowney (Virginia)
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Rajwant Chilana (Illinois-Urbana-Champaign):</b> 
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Samuel Wright (Maryland):</b> 
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  David Magier (Columbia):</b> 
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Carol Mitchell (LC-Islu):</b> 
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Deepa Banerjee (Washington):</b> 
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Laila Mulgaokar (LC-Delhi):</b> 
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  David Nelson (Penn):</b> 
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Aruna Magier:
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Sarbjit Kaur Randhawa (UBC, Vancouver):</b> 
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Adnan Malik (UC Berkeley):</b> 
                </p>
                <p><b>
                  Bronwen Bledsoe (Cornell):</b> 
                </p>
              </ul>
        	
			<hr>
			
		      <a name=adjourned></a>
              <p>
                <b>The meeting was adjourned</b> at 5:45 pm.
              </p>
        
		      <p>
                <i><b>[Minutes taken and submitted by Adnan Malik. ]</b></i>
              </p>
        
		      <p>
                <a href=#top><img align=right alt="Back to the top" src="../im/top20.gif" border=0 height=20 width=39></a>
			</p>
              
			  <hr> 
			  
return to <a
href="http://www.lib.virginia.edu/area-studies/SouthAsia/Lib/minutes.html">Minutes</a>

or <a
href="http://www.lib.virginia.edu/area-studies/SouthAsia/Lib/consald.html"><img
alt="committee on south asian libraries and documentation"
src="../im/consald1.gif" align="middle" border="0"></a>

<p align="right"><font color="blue" size="-1"><b><br> Webbing - <a
href="mailto:pm9k@virginia.edu?subject=draft minutes Spring 2007">Philip
McEldowney</a>, University of Virginia</b></font><br>

<font size="-1">
<b>
Last update - 
<!--#config timefmt="%A, %d %B %Y"-->
<!--#echo var="LAST_MODIFIED"--></b></font>
</p>

  </td>
  </tr>
  </tbody>
</table><!--#include virtual="/includes/ssi_tracking.html"--></body>
<script async src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=UA-19937996-2"></script><script>window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments)};gtag('js', new Date());gtag('config', 'UA-19937996-2');</script></html>
